The virus has also hit some oil- and gas-related construction in Russia. Velesstroy, a contractor building platforms for Novatek's Arctic LNG 2 project, has partially suspended operations to disinfect production areas, after 290 cases of coronavirus were reported there.

In the final countdown to the U.S. presidential election, President Donald Trump and Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden remain deeply divided on climate change. Current and former negotiators in international climate talks say a Biden administration that rejoins the Paris climate accord and prioritizes fighting climate change could turn the tide in the effort to prevent the worst effects of global warming.

Even though Enbridge is the first among North American midstream giants to connect ESG goals to its funding strategy to incentivize achievements, Gibson Energy Inc., a much smaller Canadian operator, announced in April that it converted a $750 million revolving credit facility into a sustainability-linked revolving credit facility. The bond's performance indicators include the reduction of Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions intensity by 15% by 2025 as well as achieving 21% to 23% representation of racial and ethnic minority groups in its workforce, increasing representation of women to at least 40% of the board and the workforce, and appointing at least one board member identifying as Indigenous or from a racial or ethnic minority by 2025.

On the subject of what the mining sector is doing to comply with increasing ESG mandates from investors, Fiona Reynolds, CEO of ESG body PRI said that market engagement had been “mixed” and the business still had some way to go. She said that from her experience it is investors who are driving natural resource companies to change their practices.

NEW YORK and ZURICH, Nov. 21, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- S&P Global (NYSE: SPGI) and RobecoSAM, an affiliate of Robeco, announced today that S&P Global will acquire the ESG Ratings Business from RobecoSAM which includes the widely followed SAM* Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA) – an annual evaluation of companies' sustainability practices. The CSA is recognized as one of the most advanced ESG scoring methodologies, as it draws upon 20 years of experience analyzing sustainability's impact on a company's long-term value creation.

Overall, life insurers in Taiwan have moderate exposure to environmental and social risks, and we believe Nan Shan Life's exposures are in line with the industry and those of its closest peers. Recent disputes on governance structures, including over the IT (Envision Project) incident that led the regulator to suspend sales of investment-linked insurance products since late September 2019, are reflected in our rating assessments.

Russian crude output will be topped up by condensate, which is exempt from the agreement. Analysts expect condensate to push Russian output over 9 million b/d in the first two months of the new deal.

Turkey's HRC imports from European countries showed notable declines in H1. France shipped 135,000 mt to Turkey in the six-month period, down 40% on year, while Romania's HRC exports to Turkey totaled 82,000 mt of HRC to Turkey in the six-month period, down 41% on year.

London — The EU unanimously agreed to prolong financial, energy and other economic sanctions against Russia for its role in the conflict in Ukraine by six months to July 31 due to the lack of full implementation of the Minsk peace agreements, the EU Council said Thursday.

The 2020 global corporate default tally has reached 134, after two issuers defaulted since S&P Global Ratings’ last report. The defaulters included Orlando, Florida-based consumer products manufacturer Tupperware Brands Corp. and Houston, Texas-based frac sand mining company Hi- Crush Inc. With the default of Tupperware, the U.S. and Europe consumer product default tally has eclipsed the numbers of each of the last six years with 21 defaults in 2020 so far.

Russia’s state-run geological surveyor Rosgeologia shot 4,400 km of new seismic in the Riiser-Larsen Sea, off the coast of Antarctic’s Queen Maud Land earlier this year, it announced in February. The first seismic survey in the area by Russia since the late 1990s, Rosgeologia said the purpose was to assess the offshore oil and gas potential of the area using the latest technology.

Russian exports of natural gas to Europe fell considerably over the weekend starting Oct. 30 and into November, with a complete pause in delivery via the Yamal pipeline now deepening the Continent's already acute energy crisis.

For long products, initial awaiting allocations look not as big as flat steel. Almost 25% of the rebar quota for Turkey and Russia is awaiting allocation at ports.

Clorox and Costco illustrate the Corporate Effectiveness Index’s holistic, values-driven path to outperformance.

A recovery in China's manufacturing activity should fuel chemical demand and improve product spreads, a key profitability indicator for chemical companies. We assume Chinese GDP will expand 8.0% in 2021 and 5.1% in 2022, rebounding from the 2.3% growth of pandemic-hit 2020.

Pandemic and price-related factors could potentially lead to a copper mine supply loss of over 10% in 2020, or more than 2 million mt, he said. Adding to this, falling copper inventories in China and current indications of a tightness in copper scrap – which typically accounts for one third of global copper supplies – could push copper prices back to their pre-coronavirus levels of over $6,000/mt, according to Sobotka.

Moscow — Drilling company Eriell sees no risks to its orders in Russia from current oil prices, as long as they stay above $40/b, Eriell Russia head Vitaly Dokunikhin told S&P Global Platts.

The diverse pricing structures are largely due to the difference in the public-facing nature of the loan and bond markets and the varying degrees of interaction between issuers and their stakeholders. Loan and private placement bond market participants often have more interaction with their lenders or investors, leading to increased scope for discussion about the conditions and mechanisms of the instruments.

Amid geopolitical tensions over Russian pipeline supply in Europe, the US now faces additional economic pressure from growing LNG production originating in Russia, and will have to contend with a pincer move from these two sources of natural gas if it is to consolidate its gains of market share in European LNG, and for so-called "freedom gas" to live up to its name and liberate Europe from Russian gas dependency.

Ferrosilicon producers and suppliers in the US believe the Russian export tax to be levied on nonferrous metal exports from Aug. 1 could push record prices in an already tight market even higher.

Supply tightness will be accentuated by Russia's decision to increase the export tax on sunflower seeds to 30% from Jan. 9 to June 30. The ban is being implemented after mounting pressure from Russia's crushing industry to stabilize rising seed prices and secure supplies for domestic processors.

Since April 1, 2020, physical climate risks and an issuer's exposure to the short- and long-term effects of climate change has resulted in three downgrades and two CreditWatch negatives in U.S. public finance (USPF). Although it's a small number compared to the rated USPF universe, the long-term effects of chronic physical climate risks, such as heatwaves and water stress, will likely escalate absent sufficient adaptation actions.

Amid the unprecedented events spurred by the coronavirus pandemic’s grip on the global economy, the European Union’s unanimous consensus on a historic €750 billion ($857 billion) stimulus deal is an extraordinary first. As part of the recovery package, named Next Generation EU, European countries will for the first time offer bonds collectively to raise capital to fund the bloc’s recovery.

In this week's highlights, it's the moment of truth for voluntary carbon market negotiations at COP26 in Glasgow, Gazprom is set to free up gas to flow into Europe, oil demand forecasts suggest a strong bounce-back next year and petrochemical producers focus on surging energy prices and hedging strategies.

London — The world's potential oil resources have been cut by over 280 billion barrels as a result of exploration budgets being slashed in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, according to Norwegian energy consultancy Rystad Energy.

London — The developer of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline could resume pipelaying work in Danish waters as soon as Jan. 15, 2021, according to a notice to sea-farers published Dec. 22 by the Danish Maritime Authority (DMA).

Wall Street analysts think the best news U.S. shale gas producers can deliver in their third-quarter earnings announcements is no news at all: no new spending, no production growth, no new debt. Instead, analysts want shale gas drillers to continue to play defense so they can fatten their cash flows on higher commodity prices this winter.

Ameren Missouri's (AM's) credit quality is more negatively influenced by environmental risk factors than global peers given its heavy reliance on coal-fired generation and its associated carbon footprint. AM operates a vertically integrated electric utility and is a natural gas utility distributor.

UBS's Global Wealth Management clients in Asia who subscribed to the bank's 100% sustainable investment strategy grew 50% in the six months starting February. The Swiss bank's assets under management classified as 100% sustainable rose to US$1.5 billion by July, from US$1.0 billion in February, Mario Knoepfel, the head of sustainable and impact investing advisory in Asia-Pacific at UBS Global Wealth Management told S&P Global Market Intelligence in an interview.

Lockdowns in the first half of this year shuttered movie theaters and television and film studios, weighing on companies’ long-term credit quality and pushing some toward bankruptcy. Now, U.S.-based AMC Theaters has raised nearly $900 million in capital through stock sales and debt in efforts of boost its liquidity after ending the third quarter with $11.3 billion in total debt, according to the company’s Nov. 2 earnings call and S&P Global Market Intelligence data.

Russia, meanwhile, will likely seek investment from core OPEC members, as well as some sanctions relief from the US, including on Russian oil company Rosneft, whose CEO Igor Sechin is a close ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin, Croft said.

Singapore — 0255 GMT: Crude oil futures were trading mixed in mid-morning trade in Asia Wednesday, after touching multi-year lows earlier this week, as oversupply concerns in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic continued to weigh on demand.

Malaysia overtook Russia to become the top feedstock supplier to China's independent refineries over January-October due to continuing demand for various blended crudes and strong appetite for bitumen blend, with imports from Malaysia rising 96.3% year on year to 23.9 million mt over the 10-month period.

Across the U.S., most community banks reported better first-quarter earnings than the previous quarter and a year earlier. Regional banks in the country also enjoyed higher earnings.

"For us, the election is an artificial milestone. This is going to be not a Republican vaccine or a Democratic vaccine," Pfizer CEO Dr. Albert Bourla told analysts on the company’s Oct. 27 earnings call, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence.

When analyzing environmental, social, and governance factors, the “G” element is often forgotten amid considerations over climate risk, societal implications and other “E” and “S” risks and opportunities. However, understanding governance risks and opportunities in decision-making is critical, as poor corporate governance practices have stood at the core of some of the biggest corporate scandals.

In the U.S., regulations implemented since the GFC—related to banks’ capital and liquidity, underwriting, operational risk, and governance—have bolstered their resilience. Most banks were displaying good financial performance prior to the COVID-19 shock, and the pandemic’s hit to credit losses and earnings has been less severe than we first thought.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. Wall Street is not immune to the implications of COVID-19.

As the coronavirus pandemic exposed the fragility of global supply chains, it prompted a renewed focus among brands and corporations on how to rebuild them in a more resilient and sustainable way. As a result, banks are now seeing a growing interest in what is still a nascent funding tool: sustainable supply chain finance.

Climate is often the top issue for investors when considering ESG issues. This has long been recognized by S&P DJI, as we launched the S&P Global Carbon Efficient Index Series back in 2009.

CEOs of some mid-sized U.S. pipeline companies said attracting new money to the midstream sector requires a bigger emphasis on environmental, social and governance issues as investors increasingly scrutinize energy companies' employee diversity and sustainability practices. Pipeline firms were already struggling to attract capital before the COVID-19 pandemic and low oil prices forced several management teams to slash spending and investor payouts.

After jumping to 8.1% in 2020, the S&P Global Market Intelligence median market signals one-year probability of default score for healthcare facilities fell to 0.9% as of March 8. The figures represent the median odds that a company will default on its debt within the next year based on fluctuations in the company's share price and other country and industry-related risks.

The battle to tackle climate change is "not going to work without a lot of private investment," and governments must create policy to incentivize private capital to invest, Lord John Browne, former chief executive of BP PLC and chair of General Atlantic Service Co. LP's BeyondNetZero, which targets growth equity investments related to climate change, told listeners at the British Private Equity and Venture Capital Association Ltd. summit Oct 7.

London — The developer of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline has resumed work to lay a small 2.6 km stretch of the link in German waters using the Fortuna pipelaying vessel, it said Dec. 11.

Libyan crude, which is typically light, low in sulfur and yields a good amount of middle distillates and gasoline, is extremely popular among refineries in the Mediterranean and Northwest Europe. Libya's main crude grades include Sharara, Es Sider, Sarir/Mesla and Amna.

The S&P BSE Indices (the “Indices”) are published by Asia Index Private Limited (“AIPL”), which is a joint venture among affiliates of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC (“SPDJI”) and BSE Limited (“BSE”). Standard & Poor’s® and S&P® are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC (“S&P”) and Dow Jones® is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC (“Dow Jones”).

Asset managers and owners subject to SFDR will also look at fossil fuel exposure as a potential risk. Under SFDR, companies with fossil fuel exposure are those that make money from oil and gas exploration, coal mining, and the distribution or refining of coal, oil and gas.

Because LNG is the cleanest-burning fossil fuel, many countries are exploring its potential to become a bridge between legacy and renewable energy sources. Momentum is building for several U.S. LNG export projects and pipeline investments.

India's economy, meanwhile, seems to be back on track and oil demand has been growing for four straight months despite the country having the second largest number of cases in the world. Mobility is on a firm upward trend and vehicle sales are soaring, all pointing to strong transport fuels demand growth.

In this edition, we take a close look at the rise of cyberrisk and its impact on various industries. In financial services, experts fear that a cyberattack on a company could trigger a domino effect leading to a financial crisis due to the sector’s digital interconnectedness.

The profitability should not come as a shock, according to Darnell Hunt, UCLA dean of social sciences and professor of sociology and African American studies, who also was a co-author on the UCLA report. Rather, it should be surprising that the industry doubted that correlation for so long, given that in the U.S., Latino people go to the theater more than others, and Latino and Black populations consume more media in general, he said.

The OPEC, non-OPEC advisory committee recommended last week cutting production by 600,000 b/d in the second quarter in addition to the existing 1.7 million b/d cut shared by OPEC, Russia and nine other non-OPEC countries.

Starting today, people from 15 countries around the world will be able to visit the European Union. Residents of the U.S., Brazil, and Russia won’t be among them.

"Alrosa's rough diamond sales demonstrated three months of consecutive [year-over-year] growth, indicating that the situation on the diamond market is improving. We expect the market to continue restoring in 2020," BCS Global Markets analysts wrote in a Jan. 13 note.

The ESG Insider newsletter compiles news and insights on environmental, social and governance developments driving change in business and investment decisions. Subscribe to ourESG Insider newsletter, and listen to the latest ESG Insider podcast on SoundCloud, Spotify and iTunes.

S&P Global Market Intelligence has released its annual rankings of 2020’s top-performing banks in three categories: community banks with assets between $3 billion and $10 billion, community banks with assets less than $3 billion, and top-performing credit unions. Sioux Falls, S.D.-based United National Corp., the holding company of Premier Bankcard LLC and First Premier Bank, took the crown in S&P Global Market Intelligence's ranking of the best-performing large U.S. community banks in 2020.

Russian farmers predominantly use diesel but also use gasoline, with demand surging during the spring sowing works and the autumn harvest. Demand in the 2019 spring agricultural season was estimated at 1.9 million mt for diesel and 300,000 mt for gasoline, the ministry said previously.

The energy industry—encompassing oil, gas, and other fossil fuel generation as well as renewables—face varying risk depending on who wins the contest, considering the disparities in the candidate’s energy and climate policies. President Trump has pushed an energy independence agenda focused on fossil fuel generation, while Mr. Biden’s platform focuses on expanding green energy development.

South Korea completely halted imports of Iranian crude and condensate since May 2019, and refiners including SK Energy and Hyundai Oilbank were since then raising purchases of Mexico's Maya crude and Russia's Urals Blend as alternative feedstocks to Iranian Heavy and Forozan crudes, feedstock management sources at the refiners with direct knowledge of the matter told Platts.

S&P DJI ESG Scores robustly measure corporate sustainability performance with a focus on the most financially material issues within industries. Data is collected through the renowned SAM Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA) to engage companies directly for unparalleled access to private information.

Platts Analytics estimates that if a framework agreement can be reached in the coming weeks, before Iran's June 18 presidential election, sanctions relief for Iran could bring about 1.05 million b/d of Iranian crude supply into the market between May and December, potentially complicating OPEC+ efforts to prevent oil prices from backsliding.

Russia's Gazprom on May 21 began construction of a major new gas, LNG and chemicals complex at Ust-Luga in northwestern Russia that will include the 13 million mt/year Baltic LNG plant.

He declined to specify the volume of any reduction in oil production, but referred to President Vladimir Putin's speech on Friday. Putin said OPEC+ countries were aiming for a cut of around 10 million b/d.

“There are debates going on around the edges, but I think everybody agrees on the importance of ESG,” said one senior investor. “You'd hope that everyone agrees that this direction is a positive one.

Recent security threats in Nigeria, which has endured a long history of attacks on its energy infrastructure, have put the oil industry in Africa's largest oil producer and a key supplier of light sweet crude grades to Europe at risk. Major oil hotspots like Saudi Arabia and Iraq have endured attacks on critical infrastructure from Houthi and Islamic State fighters.

** Russia's Orsk continues with its upgrades, including the construction of the delayed coker complex. It is currently receiving the equipment for the delayed coker complex.

The Fed's recent bond-buying bulletin stoked already red-hot conditions for the U.S. high-yield market, contributing to record-smashing volume of issuance last week and a monthly record for June. Deals that printed on Friday for Eldorado Resorts Inc. ($5.2 billion) and Caesars Entertainment Corp. ($1 billion), backing the combination of the two entities, boosted last week’s issuance to $23.53 billion, blowing past the prior record of $21.6 billion for the week to Aug. 13, 2010, per LCD, which began tracking this asset class in 2005.

Financing conditions in emerging markets are also supportive. “Favorable vaccine developments, the expectation of a solid recovery in 2021, and accommodative monetary conditions in developed markets have boosted capital flows to EMs.

Some working in the U.S. coal sector were under the impression that the coal plant closures might stop under the pro-coal Trump administration. Slevin said that was a "false promise," and noted that coal consumption continued to decline.

**The impact of China's coronavirus outbreak on LNG market is expected to worsen in coming weeks as economic activity in key manufacturing hubs struggles to rebound, keeping a lid on natural gas demand and triggering more LNG trade flow disruptions.

8. Environmental, social, and governance factors (ESG factors) typically incorporate an entity's effect on and impact from the natural and social environment and the quality of its governance; however, not all ESG factors materially influence creditworthiness.

Automotive Holdings Ltd. (AHL) manufactures auto parts in multiple countries across the globe. The company’s ESG Evaluation score of 67 reflects its moderate approach in Preparedness (Adequate), with comprehensive systems to identify and monitor its emerging and ESG-related risks.

Singapore — Saudi Arabia's decision to cut its crude oil prices sharply over the weekend has added pressure on other Middle East producers to follow suit or risk losing market share, setting the stage for a price war in the region, market participants said Monday.

Asked when he expected the pipeline to begin commercial operations, Novak said it would depend on the approval process from the regulator. "The construction of Nord Stream 2 is completed, and now works on commissioning and filling of the pipe with the required technical gas are underway," Novak said.

Singapore — Benchmark Dubai crude futures were cautiously higher in mid-morning trades in Asia Thursday, ahead of a high-stakes OPEC+ meeting later in the day where ministers from OPEC, Russia and nine other producers are likely to settle geopolitical scores and parcel out production cuts.

"The anticipated recovery of the oil sector, supported by the efforts of OPEC and non-OPEC oil-producing nations under the Declaration of Cooperation, will make a further contribution to oil market stabilization and hence global economic development," the report said.

Yvette Kwan, an executive adviser at the Asia Securities Industry & Financial Markets Association, said local fund managers in Hong Kong may find it tough to build up ESG expertise to fulfil compliance. "Proficiencies include risk identification, assessment, quantitative skills and compliance or legal knowledge as well as an understanding of ESG issues at the board and senior management level, all the way down to the actual calculation of ESG metrics such as greenhouse gas emissions of portfolios," she said.

Across the board, pure-play shale gas producers are increasingly talking about environmental, social and governance issues in analyst and investor calls, according to an S&P Global Market Intelligence analysis of company call transcripts. Shale gas producers are under pressure from their LNG export customers to deliver natural gas with lower greenhouse gas emissions, particularly methane.

“Sadly [2022] will be the third year of this pandemic, and indeed it is going to continue to provide headwinds. I guess the positive side of this is, indeed, we will start to see [oil] demand exceeding 2019 levels by somewhere around 600,000 to 700,000 barrels a day.

As part of the effort to broaden the appeal of Chinese green bonds to international investors, and potentially to increase issuance over the longer term, China proposed last year it would stop recognizing clean coal, which ranges from coal washing to carbon capture, as projects qualified for green bonds.

Dubai — S&P Global Ratings lowered its 2020 price assumptions for Brent to $40/b and WTI to $35/b and warned of possible rating actions for some producers, particularly in North America, in the aftermath of Monday's oil price crash.

Corporate governance disclosures specific to the management of non-financial risks and opportunities: Better, clearer, comparable disclosure of (a) the oversight, process, and outcome of the company's evolving ESG strategy and how this relates to its business-model adaptation; (b) entity-wide non-financial risk management systems and their integration into financial risk management; and (c) policy, metrics, and targets related to board and executive remuneration, and how these link to the company's broader ESG goals.

Russia and Saudi Arabia are locked in a vicious oil price war only three years after striking an alliance with OPEC to manage the market.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. While the U.S. economy looks likely to continue its transformation from fossil fuels to renewable energy sources regardless of who wins the Nov. 3 presidential election, the upcoming contest hints at a crossroads with high stakes for the country’s energy transition.

Because these indices are new, however, it is important to acknowledge that three- and five-year return figures include history that was built before these indices launched in early 2019, as noted in the methodology. For this reason, investors should pay special attention to the past year or so, when the indices were live.

The S&P 500 ESG Index achieved a 21.17% boost in its aggregate S&P DJI ESG Score performance compared with the S&P 500—with numerous positive impacts pertaining to issues like female representation in management positions, greenhouse gas emission reduction targets, effective risk culture, and many more. The S&P 500 ESG Index achieved these impacts with 83 bps of tracking error over the past five years and excess returns of 0.53% over the same period.

The weights of Greece, Spain, and Italy have consistently been lower in the S&P ESG Pan-Europe Developed Sovereign Bond Index than in the S&P Pan-Europe Developed Sovereign Bond Index. Greece’s weight was actually brought close to zero far before the country’s problems surfaced.

Robinhood and other major brokerages including TD Ameritrade, Charles Schwab, and Interactive Brokers Group, who placed restrictions on meme stocks said that they did so to manage their own risks and protect their firms from financial losses alongside curtailing market volatility. "We have a huge concern over the financial viability of the intermediaries," like the smaller brokers and clearinghouses, Interactive Brokers Chairman Thomas Peterffy told S&P Global Market Intelligence.

London — A Russian pipelaying vessel expected to complete the controversial Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline from Russia to Germany is now outside the German port of Mukran in northeast Germany, S&P Global Platts trade flow software cFlow showed Monday.

• Dow Jones Sustainability Index is launched, the first global sustainability index with Sustainability Asset Management (later RobecoSAM). Dow Jones Indexes, a global leader in the equity indices space, establishes itself as an early proponent of the sustainability vision.

Audrey Choi: Especially if you're an investor who is a bit hesitant or skeptical about ESG altogether, I think first of all, it's really important to just sort of take that head on and first say, Okay, so why is it that you're hesitant about ESG? If you're like many investors, in fact, they are the majority of investors, you're probably going to say, 'Look, I agree with all the great goals of environmental protection and social justice and good governance.

According to a Russian government spokesman, the vaccine had been developed by the Gamaleya Research Institute of Epidemiology and Microbiology in Moscow. Russian officials insist the new vaccine is safe and has passed all the necessary controls, going so far as to say it had been in development for over six years despite the first case of the novel coronavirus disease having been reported in China on Dec. 31 of last year.

**The Dated Brent physical crude benchmark is based on five main crude oil grades - Brent, Forties, Oseberg, Ekofisk and Troll - loaded at terminals around the North Sea.

The timeline for work to lay the section of pipeline in Danish waters will be key to when Nord Stream 2 is able to begin flowing gas, with wider implications for the European gas market -- including whether Russia's Gazprom agrees a new transit deal with Ukraine's Naftogaz post-2019.

Today is Thursday, June 25, 2020, and here is today’s essential intelligence.

The pandemic has proven a time to shine for mandates that invest with ESG principles in mind. Fueled by an accelerated appetite for sustainable funds in Asia, Morningstar data for the third quarter of 2020, for example, showed a record high $8.7 billion of net inflows.

U.S. public finance ESG-driven rating actions in March primarily reflected ongoing credit deterioration of Texas' public power and electric cooperative not-for-profit utilities following Winter Storm Uri. U.S. public finance took 35 rating actions in March driven by ESG factors, of which 21 were associated with rating reviews of Texas public power and electric cooperative not-for-profit utilities.

CHICAGO (S&P Global Ratings) May 21, 2020--S&P Global Ratings revised the outlook to negative from stable and affirmed its long-term and underlying ratings on a number of local governments with outstanding tax-secured debt due to heightened risks caused by the COVID-19 and the related recession.

Whether banks will become obsolete and disappear, he says "they are vanishing before our very eyes," with a shrinking number of branches and staff. Mr. Jenkins' view is that increasingly, nonbanks will be managing the customer relationship and balance sheet activity will remain with banks—because no one else wants to do that or can because of regulation.

London — Libya is poised to restart production of almost 400,000 b/d of crude, adding to the complex task the OPEC alliance faces balancing the needs of smaller producers to access the market while restricting its overall output.

London — Crude oil futures were higher in European morning trading on expectations that a production cut will be agreed by OPEC and its allies but skepticism remains as to whether these cuts will do much to alter the state of a coronavirus-stricken oil market.

Caracas, Venezuela — A Venezuelan commission set up to study the restructuring of state PDVSA had recommended lifting state control over all its operations and is calling for private national and international capital to open up the country's oil business, according to an internal document seen Tuesday by S&P Global Platts.

US sanctions on Russia announced on April 15 do not target the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, or Russia's oil sector. However, restrictions on US purchases of ruble-denominated sovereign debt leave open the possibility of stricter penalties to come, which will likely increase Russian focus on supporting short-term oil prices through OPEC+ cohesion.

European utilities are already racing toward achieving net-zero emissions across their output. Nineteen of the 22 largest power and gas utilities on the continent have now set targets, according to an S&P Global Market Intelligence analysis.

As the finance world continues to clamp down on coal producers over climate change concerns, producers focused on metallurgical coal used in steelmaking are pushing to stand out from peers mining coal used to generate electricity.

In the U.S., misogynoir—the dual oppression of sexism and racism that actualizes in misogyny against Black women—carries a significant social and economic cost for the country. According to research from S&P Global’s Diversity Research Lab, the U.S. economy would have generated an additional $107 billion in economic activity from 1960-2019 if the educational attainment of Black women had kept pace with that of white women, with all other factors constant.

**Russian bunker sales volumes were down 15.7% on the year in March, energy ministry data showed, due to uncertainty surrounding the introduction of an excise duty on fuel oil from April 1. Russia decided to introduce an excise duty on fuel oil and vacuum gasoil -- which are currently tax free -- in order to offset the impact on the budget of amendments to the so-called tax damping mechanism, which compensates producers for selling gasoline and diesel on the domestic market below export prices.

Assured's ESG risks are line with those of the broader insurance sector. The most predominant of these risks is the sector’s exposure to natural catastrophes and the effect these events have on lease and revenue streams backing insured issues, as well as lower assessed property values due to weather-related property damage.

To be sure, not all market participants are bearish about coal’s future in a post-pandemic world. South Africa's domestic and export coal industry is tentatively upbeat that, after enduring initial supply disruptions, coal-fired energy growth in developing nations could cement a concrete foundation for the country’s coal exports in the long-term as coal exports now start to increase in the immediate term.

Martina Chung: The agenda around the climate that's been announced by the white house is very broad-reaching and comprehensive, and I think it takes into consideration a lot of the pieces that need to come together so that we can actually really move the needle around how the U.S. Is tackling climate risk and incentivizing the right activity to support resilience and transition. So, to me, signing up to the Paris accord again was clearly a massive first step.

Highlights
Terminals to cut costs, emissions for Novatek LNG ramp-up
Second deal signed on decarbonization, hydrogen, renewables
Russian companies seen adopting energy transition goals
TotalEnergies, the newly named French energy major, said June 3 it had signed a deal with Novatek to acquire 10% of Arctic Transshipment, which owns and will operate 2 LNG trans-shipment terminals in Northern Russia. Not registered?

Meanwhile, if you’re upstream and you’re producing your primary metal, prices are so high that you would be making money – doubling and tripling of EBITDA at the front end of the industry. In a few years to come, there may be more capital deployed organically rather than in acquisitions because most of the price hikes have already been flooded in the prices of the assets.

We also dig into Walmart’s plan to offer financial services to employees and customers through a partnership with financial technology company Ribbit Capital. Will the retailer's vast reach and access to customer data be a wakeup call for banks?

* Singtel Optus Pty. Ltd. activated a multiband, stand-alone 5G network as part of a limited trial of the technology.

Prices for the lower grade of thermal coal with 5,500 kcal/kg NAR also tracked higher, as end-users in Japan capitalize on the wide price arbitrage between 5,500 kcal/kg NAR and 6,000 kcal/kg NAR grades -- estimated to be about $25/mt FOB Australia Dec. 16 -- to fulfill their near-term needs. Demand for the former coal grade also saw buyers from India, and the 5,500 kcal/kg NAR grade is now competitively priced against a similar grade of coal from South Africa, an Australia-based miner said.

On Monday, shares in videogame retailer GameStop Corp. closed up 18% after investors encouraged one another on the chatroom platform Reddit to short the stock—pushing it up as high as 145% at one point in the day, in what analysts concluded is a continuing “short squeeze.” This occurs when short sellers who bet on a stock they believe will decline scramble to cover their positions when it instead rises, which in turn pushes the stock even higher. The humungous market swing followed similar activity on Friday, when individual investors communicating on the popular “WallStreetBets” Reddit thread also pushed GameStop’s shares higher in an effort to curtail the short-seller Citron Research, which declared on Jan. 22 that the company was “pretty much in terminal decline” and bet against it.

It comes as Novatek, with the French company as a partner, prepares to start up its second major LNG export project, Arctic LNG 2, in 2023, for which long-term supply deals were signed earlier in the week with China's Zhejiang Energy Gas Group and trading company Glencore. Russia's LNG renaissance is being spearheaded by Novatek, with TotalEnergies and Chinese and Japanese companies as partners, as the country diversifies its hydrocarbon mix.

➤ Russian gold-silver producer Polymetal International PLC looks for greater exposure to "the green economy" through platinum group metals and rare earths projects as it moves toward reporting Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions.

Argentina's oil production has been on the rise this year, recovering from the demand and price impacts of the coronavirus pandemic. Oil output climbed to 492,000 b/d in February, up from 446,000 b/d in May.

"I think that's where the market is probably going -- consumers are going to ask for gas to be certified as low-methane," Tijbosch said. "We think that utilities and consumers are no longer going to accept buying gas that is high in methane emissions or that is uncertified."

Asian investors are already interested in joining cleaner energy projects in the region. On Sept. 2 Japan signed a series of energy cooperation deals with Russia partners covering renewables, hydrogen and ammonia projects, as well as participation in the Kamchatka LNG reloading and storage terminal project.

The S&P 500® GARP (Growth at a Reasonable Price) Index just had its second anniversary since its launch in February 2019. During the latter half of this time, the world experienced the worst global pandemic in a century.

Most recently, India's ONGC Videsh Ltd., or OVL, sold 700,000 barrels of Sokol crude to a South Korean end-user for Dec. 16-22 loading at a premium of around $5.80/b to Platts front month Dubai crude assessments, CFR Yeosu, traders said Oct. 15.

The preliminary ratings assigned to BX Commercial Mortgage Trust 2021-VOLT's commercial mortgage pass-through certificates series 2021-VOLT reflect S&P Global Ratings' view of the collateral's historical and projected performance, the sponsor's and the manager's experience, the trustee-provided liquidity, the loan terms, and the transaction's structure. We determined that the mortgage loan has a beginning and ending loan-to-value (LTV) ratio of 116.7%, based on S&P Global Ratings' value.

All regions of the U.S. will be affected by population aging as every state's old-age dependency ratio will increase. Across the four Census regions, more acute credit risks present themselves.

China has maintained some level of oil imports from Iran in the last few years, despite severe US sanctions that heavily penalize buyers of Iranian oil and blacklist them from the US financial system.

Its oil infrastructure has frequently been targeted by Yemen's Iran-backed Houthi rebels. While most attacks are intercepted, a September 2019 missile assault on Aramco's Abqaiq processing plant and Khurais oil field temporarily knocked out 5.7 million b/d of production – roughly 5% of global demand – throwing the market into disarray.

London — The position of US President Joe Biden toward the controversial Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline from Russia to Germany has not changed, the White House said late Jan. 26.

Moscow — Russian emergency services are working June 4 to contain a major fuel spill at a power plant near the city of Norilsk after President Vladimir Putin declared a statement of emergency following the leak.

High energy prices have become a key contributor to inflation and are casting a shadow over the global economy’s post-pandemic recovery—which is now confronting the Omicron coronavirus variant. High energy prices could also pose problems for immediate action on the global energy transition from fossil fuels to renewable energy by making the switch costlier.

While global crude demand remains on an uneven upswing, the rapid spread of the coronavirus delta variant has dented most demand projections for the rest of 2021, and now Asian outbreaks, especially in China, are triggering new economic restrictions. Most notably, China's zero-tolerance approach to COVID-19 led to the closure of its Meishan terminal at the world's third-busiest port -- the Ningbo-Zhoushan port -- which is expected to disrupt supply chains globally.

The recent report by S&P Global Ratings found that credit quality in the utilities sector has come under pressure in recent quarters. Many have limited financial cushion at their ratings after years of increasing leverage and capital spending aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions and improving safety and reliability.

S&P Global Ratings expects a strong macroeconomic recovery, shortages of critical components, and dwindling inventory to result in tight supply chain conditions into 2022, supporting favorable technology industry conditions even as the sector adds capacity. Customers are buying 5G smartphones at a brisk pace, which is seeding demand for wireless service.

Oil and gas companies are exposed to the following material environmental risks across their value chain: --Indirect emissions from hydrocarbon combustion: The sector's most material environmental impact is indirect and stems from the use of its end-products (scope 3 emissions). Oil and gas combustion contributes to global greenhouse gas (GHG), and sulfur and nitrogen oxide emissions.

This article is reprinted from the Indexology blog of S&P Dow Jones Indices. After markets closed on April 30, 2020, the S&P 500® ESG Index underwent its second annual rebalance since it launched in January 2019.

This year has seen battery metals prices explode, with prices for cobalt, lithium, and nickel having increased by 55%, 45%, and 7%, respectively, from January to August, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence. Higher metals prices might equate to more expensive electric vehicles and battery storage systems, which in turn could create affordability concerns for the energy transition.

The Trucost Environmentally-Extended Input-Output (EEIO) model splits the world economy into more than 450 distinct business activities based on the North American Classification System (NAICS). The model calculates environmental impacts per million USD in revenue for each business activity, which can then be used to anticipate the most material impacts for a company based on its discrete business activities.

Our weekly ratings digest, including key themes, publications, ratings changes, asset class trends, financing conditions, and debt issuance. This week: China’s efforts to curb credit expansion are ambitious but risk further financial volatility.

In Greater China, there are many opportunities for innovative ESG structures, such as sustainability-linked bonds, UBS said. In January, Hong Kong real estate giant New World Development Co. Ltd. issued 10-year sustainability-linked bonds, which were oversubscribed six times by investors from Asia and Europe in the first public bond of its kind in Asia excluding Japan.

Regulations on self-isolation pose risks for continuous operations however, with some companies already reporting that workers are in self-isolation. Gazprom said that 20 workers at its 4.9-Tcm Bovanenkovo field will be quarantine until March 30, after coming into contact with a person infected with coronavirus on March 16.

Agriculture can in some ways be environmentally beneficial. Using biofuels--when plant products are used in biofuel, gasoline, or diesel and mixed with oils from certain agricultural products--helps reduce the total consumption of fossil fuels.

Italy, which as of April 30 had the highest death toll from COVID-19 in Europe, saw box office revenue fall 27.8% in the first quarter. A bumper January offset greater losses later in the quarter for Italy — January box office revenue was $116.3 million, the country's highest total since December 2017.

Johnson Matthey -- the largest secondary PGM refiner in the world -- said May 5 its palladium base price stood at an all-time high of $3,016/oz, while refiner Engelhard Materials Services (BASF) of Germany palladium base price stood at $3,020/oz.

We have updated our ESG Risk Atlas, the foundation of our ESG Evaluation analysis, to strengthen the quality of our sector analysis.

Each year, over 3,500 of the world’s most valuable2 publicly traded companies are invited to be part of the CSA survey. Of these, the largest 2,500 global companies by market capitalization are eligible for inclusion in the flagship Dow Jones Sustainability™ World Index (DJSI World), and are selected for inclusion if their S&P Global ESG score puts them among the top 10% in their industry.

ESG factors continue to grab PE/VC firms’ attention, with 40% of firms reporting that they are planning to work on improving ESG standards within their current portfolio companies. The number of firms not considering ESG in the decision-making and post-investment process decreased from 25% last year to 19% this year, whereas the number of firms just starting to introduce ESG in their strategy increased from 18% to 24%.

Russia's decarbonization is slower than the rest of the world's

The role of the technology industry is underexplored, yet it has outsized potential to influence the mandate. Investors, consumers, technology buyers, end users and suppliers are trying to understand the implications of ESG and what it means for how technology is used.

London — A Russian pipelaying vessel expected to complete the controversial Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline from Russia to Germany is now headed for Northern European waters, S&P Global Platts trade flow software cFlow showed Friday.

London — Switzerland-based Allseas -- which has been integral to laying the controversial Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline from Russia to Germany -- has started laying the Danish section of the link using its Pioneering Spirit vessel, a company spokesman said Wednesday.

Earlier this week, New Zealand celebrated a milestone 100 days without local infection of COVID-19. But on August 12, Auckland, the country’s biggest city, will resume lockdowns after four new cases emerged.

In a wave of announcements in the first quarter of 2021, Sweden's SEB Investment Management AB said it will start blacklisting fossil-fuel assets across its investment funds, while Swedbank Robur AB will only invest in oil and gas companies that are on its "Green List." Nordea Asset Management has restricted the majority of its funds from holding oil and gas stocks that are not aligned with the Paris Agreement, and claims its wealth and asset management business will likely be "100% ESG" in five to 10 years.

The CEO of Arctic mining group PJSC Norilsk Nickel Co. said Sept. 26 that the company plans to spend an additional US$1.28 billion on industrial safety by 2025 after Russia's Federal Agency for Fisheries revealed further fines over a catastrophic fuel spill at the end of May. The new spending is intended to prevent similar accidents in future, the group's CEO and largest shareholder, Vladimir Potanin, said in an interview with state-owned news channel Rossiya 24.

"Rising Algerian LNG exports in Q1 came alongside strength in pipeline exports to take overall Algerian gas exports to their highest level in three years," Mosis said.

"The Financial Services Authority never provided ESG metrics or [key performance indicators] to banks," said Achmad Deni Daruri, founder of Bumi Global Karbon, an Indonesian research and consulting firm that focuses on ESG. "As a result, there is no incentive for the banking industry to manage its ESG initiatives properly or report it openly and transparently in their sustainability reports.

Lorraine Akiba, a former member of Hawaii Public Utilities Commission and current president and CEO of LHA Ventures, said during her focus on "Global gender diversity perspectives: corporate ESG and government directives as levers of change," that former Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's commitment to address gender diversity and equality in the workplace prompted meaningful government action in that country. Abe said several years ago that women's participation and advancement in the workplace is key to boosting Japan's economy.

Europe’s major banks have been leaders in the effort to link executive pay to diversity targets. Eleven of 13 major European lending institutions have confirmed to S&P Global Market Intelligence that they benchmark against diversity goals and this is reflected in executive pay.

Novatek also said Tuesday it had signed an agreement with transportation company and pipeline operator Transneft on cooperation over gas motor fuel. The agreement said Transneft was considering purchasing LNG from Novatek to refuel its cargo truck fleet and replace its old diesel-powered trucks with new gas-powered vehicles.

This commentary is written by Martin Fridson, a high-yield market veteran who is chief investment officer of Lehmann Livian Fridson Advisors LLC, as well as a contributing analyst to S&P Global Market Intelligence. ESG-qualified Energy issues' March 2020 performance
A previous commentary, "ESG outperformed as COVID hit, but does not guarantee alpha," received some thoughtful press coverage (see note 1).

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. The calamity that ensued when the Ever Given got stuck sideways across one of the world’s busiest and most important trade channels for six days has reminded the world of the fragility of supply chains.

Decarbonizing the EU’s gas market by transitioning from the unabated natural gas fossil fuel, on which European economies are currently heavily reliant, to low-carbon gases like hydrogen could not only lower the bloc’s emissions but also support its energy mix through diversification. As part of the proposals introduced yesterday on gas market reform, the European Commission introduced measures to long-term gas import contracts from extending beyond 2049—alongside a provisional deal to end support for new fossil fuel gas and oil projects under its subsidized Projects of Common Interest program starting from year-end 2029.

PRESS RELEASE

Meanwhile, poorer G20 states such as South Africa and Argentina need lower oil prices to support their economies. Turkey -- which imports over half the oil it consumes -- has nothing to gain from supporting Saudi Arabia and Russia, two of Recep Erdogan's main foreign policy adversaries in the Middle East.

The S&P 500 ESG Index is a broad-based, market-cap-weighted index that is designed to measure the performance of securities meeting sustainability criteria, while maintaining similar overall industry group weights as the S&P 500.

Across both North and South America, gross commercial borrowing is likely to climb more than 30% from last year, to $5.873 trillion, according to S&P Global Ratings. The U.S. and Canada account for the majority, an anticipated $5.4 trillion, while the gross commercial debt of the 28 Latin American and Caribbean sovereigns, excluding Venezuela, that S&P Global Ratings rates, is projected to accumulate at $458 billion, marking a 5% year-over-year decline.

Imports from Canada of billet, slabs and foundry alloys to the US totaled 99,192 mt, up 30.04% year on year, as alloyed aluminum from Canada could flow into the US duty-free and would not fall under the USTR guidance import levels set in 2020. Year-to-date imports of slabs from Canada were up just over 81% as the tight prime scrap market forced some mills to approach the spot market for more primary and slab to keep the chemistry mix of products, and as mills look to utilize more scrap in the push to decarbonization.

As the COVID-19 pandemic has severely the global economy, new infrastructure could be the catalyst the global economy needs to regenerate productivity and growth following the coronavirus-caused downturn. Some countries’ public transport and airport sectors face short-term credit risks, while the world's financial market infrastructure companies see credit quality opportunities from stakeholders’ increasing focus environmental, social, and governance factors.

The meeting, now scheduled for Thursday, was called to discuss production cuts in order to bolster crude prices, which have tumbled as the coronavirus spread has slashed demand.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. The future for cities will almost certainly be sustainable—but how soon metropolitan centers in the U.S. will go green is still up in the air.

"Companies are responding to the public shame and making changes," Illinois State Representative Chris Welch said, explaining how the 2019 state law he sponsored requiring companies to report on their race metrics will be effective in increasing board diversity. "Public shaming works."

Note: For details on leveraged finance transactions with an ESG component, see LCD’s ESG Leveraged Finance Tracker, a comprehensive Excel file that tracks new-issue loans and high-yield bonds in the U.S. and Europe that have an ESG component. The ESG Tracker is based on LCD News reporting, combined with transaction details from LCD's proprietary leveraged finance database.

“While we might have turned a corner, the U.S. still faces a bumpy road to recovery, with many people left on the side of the road,” S&P Global Ratings Chief U.S. Economist Beth Ann Bovino said in a report this week.

There were 34 ESG-related rating actions (including rating-, outlook- and CW-changes) in May; of which 22 were downgrades. Governance and social factors each drove 16 rating actions, and two rating actions were impacted by environmental considerations.

On completion of the transaction, BHP's oil and gas business will merge with Woodside, and Woodside will issue new shares to be distributed to BHP shareholders. The expanded Woodside will be 52% owned by existing Woodside shareholders and 48% by existing BHP shareholders, the release said.

"China is needing to import more coal and iron ore from countries like Russia due to stricter environmental regulations for Chinese mills," S&P Global Market Intelligence Mine Economics Analyst Oliver Woolard explained. "These regulations require steel mills to use higher-grade iron ore and coal, which China cannot supply readily domestically."

Russian gas producer and LNG exporter Novatek is looking into the viability of commercial hydrogen production from methane, its CFO Mark Gyetvay said Sept. 8. Speaking at the Gastech Virtual Summit, Gyetvay said the company had sufficient gas resources to explore the possibility of a large-scale hydrogen project.

Canadian industry is already taking steps to align with the carbon neutrality policies, with some larger resource companies having announced strategies mirroring the government's 2050 plan. Diversified mining company Teck Resources Ltd. said in March that it would seek to be carbon neutral by 2050 and reduce its carbon intensity by 33% by 2030.

We see no major macroeconomic and fiscal risks from this transaction. Due to multiyear fiscal consolidation, Russia's primary fiscal balance breakeven oil price reduced to below $50/bbl in 2019--one of the lowest among rated oil-and-gas-exporting sovereigns globally.

“As the global economy recovers from the current pandemic and as record levels of monetary and fiscal stimulus are pumped into the global economy, inflation has returned to the vocabulary of many investors. As the last period of prolonged inflation occurred decades ago, most market participants have not experienced it.

The increase in negative bias in the oil and gas sector resulted from an industry risk assessment revision on Jan. 25, which lead to nine issuers on our list being placed on CreditWatch with negative implications. These were all driven by S&P Global Ratings' concerns about the greenhouse gas emissions and the energy transition to renewable energy.

US imports of Russian oil hit a 10-year high of 740,000 b/d in March, including 197,000 b/d of crude oil and 543,000 b/d of refined products, according to the latest data from the US Energy Information Administration. US imports of Russian oil were last higher in August 2010 at 786,000 b/d.

The eurozone crisis was essentially a balance-of-payments crisis exacerbated by EMU member states' monetary flexibility constraints. For such a scenario to play out in EMEA's emerging markets, you would need to see a combination of large debt-financed external deficits (such as have been recently unwound in Turkey) alongside monetary rigidities either in the form of semi-fixed exchange rates, or a high level of dollarization, or both.

It is also worth highlighting that the collapse of the OPEC+ agreement, and the anticipated increase in supply that it will bring, has been made against the backdrop of stymied global oil demand. While lower oil prices typically boost consumption, the global coronavirus outbreak is quashing oil demand and amplifying the effect of the anticipated supply surge.

Our starting point--or anchor--for our ratings on fincos in Canada is currently 'bbb-'. The Canadian banks' anchor of 'a-' reflects the country's competitive economy, unified regulatory framework, robust supervisory track record, and stable banking industry, with five banks dominating the market.

A White House working group report released April 23 by the Department of Energy recommended the removal of a financing ban on US nuclear energy technologies. The Nuclear Fuel Working Group was formed in July by President Donald Trump to provide recommendations to revive and expand the US nuclear energy sector.

As the coronavirus pandemic paves a rough road forward for the automotive sector, Tesla Inc. is revving its electric engines. The company reported $6 billion in revenue and $104 million in net profit in the second quarter—marking four consecutive profitable quarters and signaling a sustainable future for the entire industry.

The environmental agency known as Rosprirodnadzor previously requested Norilsk to settle the US$1.96 billion claim voluntarily, before threatening legal action in September. Norilsk set aside US$2.1 billion in the first half of the year to cover the accident, reducing its net profit for the period to just US$45 million from close to US$3.0 billion a year earlier.

Moscow — Russian crude and condensate production totaled 46.45 million mt in April, according to data released Saturday by the Central Dispatching Unit of the Russian energy ministry. This is equivalent to around 11.349 million b/d, up 0.5% on month and 1% on year.

As the oil and gas industry faces increased pressure to curb its climate impacts, the Biden administration is preparing to issue new methane emissions rules that some industry observers say could better position the sector in a decarbonizing world. The Obama and Trump administrations issued, repealed, and rewrote methane emissions rules for the sector, fighting through multiple industry and environmental court challenges along the way.

The LPCs have no TVA board representation. The TVA board members are appointed by the President of the United States and confirmed by the U.S. Senate.

In the U.S., President Joe Biden has made climate change and environmental justice priorities of his administration. In the European Union, ESG regulations like the green taxonomy and the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR) are changing the way companies do business.

Incorporating material environmental risk factors into credit analyses strives to evaluate how these factors can potentially impact the credit risk of the counterparty being reviewed. In doing so, it is important to recognize that many environmental risks are only likely to crystallize and affect an entity’s creditworthiness over a longer timeframe than the one to five years typically used in credit assessments.

The news comes a couple of days after some of the bank's shareholders issued ESG proposals for the annual meeting. At the time, the board recommended stockholders to vote against the proposal arguing that the bank was assessing additional targets for its ESG strategy.

Shareholders filed hundreds of ESG-related shareholder proposals for the 2021 proxy season. In this episode of the "ESG Insider" podcast, we explore three emerging investor resolutions.

The Hungarian government believes the 2.6 Bcm/year LNG import terminal in Croatia will be of strategic importance to Hungary and remains interested in buying an equity stake to add to the capacity already booked in the facility by state-owned MVM.

As the world battles the coronavirus pandemic and resulting economic fallout, industries of all types face the urgent challenge of securing their short-term financial future. But the debate about environmental, social and governance concerns has been far from drowned out by the global health crisis, even taking on new meaning as companies’ responsibilities toward worker and community health came to the fore.

Environmental concerns permeate the cryptocurrency space. One bitcoin transaction requires 1,695 kilowatt hours of electricity, comparable to what an average U.S. household uses in 58 days, and produces 805 kilos of carbon dioxide—equivalent to the carbon footprint of 1.8 million Visa transactions, according to Dutch economist and blockchain expert Alex de Vries, as reported by S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Energy and commodities markets are essential, as the future global economy will continue to be fueled by the production and consumption of everything from oil, natural gas, and LNG to corn, soybeans, and steel.

Renewi PLC is a waste management company headquartered in the U.K. It is the result of the 2017 merger of Shanks Group with Van Gansewinkel Group and has four main divisions: Commercial, Hazardous Waste, Monostreams, and Municipal.

GENERAL DISCLAIMER Copyright © 2019 by S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC. All rights reserved.

"In July and August, OPEC+ pledges grow by 1.2 million b/d (400,000 b/d of Saudi's voluntary cut, 440,000 b/d July quota rise and 400,000 b/d August quota rise), still below our forecast call on OPEC+ growth of 3.5 million b/d," according to S&P Global Platts Analytics. "We forecast supply to grow by 1.8 million b/d over the same two months.

Griffith is one of just seven female CEOs in the U.S. insurance industry, a space where female representation among leadership has remained extremely low over the past decade. As investors and regulators pay increasing attention to environmental, social and governance issues such as diversity, some industry leaders are looking for ways to bring more women up the insurance ranks.

"Trying to come up with appropriate financial products to incentivize our clients to do the right thing or to help them do the right thing by giving them interest rate savings or a more compelling financing structure is something that we continuously do," Ravina Advani, managing director and head of energy, natural resources and renewables at BNP Paribas SA, said on an ESG-focused panel at S&P Global Market Intelligence's 33rd Annual Power and Gas M&A Symposium. S&P Global Ratings, in its ESG Industry Report Card for banks in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, published on Feb. 11, identified BNP Paribas' sensitivity to environmental risks as typical.

As of Jan. 1, 2019, the Governing Council of the European Central Bank excluded CPT covered bonds from its reinvestments under the CBPP3 (Covered Bond Purchase Programme 3). While the decision has no impact on the eligibility of CPT programs in the Eurosystem collateral framework, the product lost attractiveness for some investors.

OPEC's kingpin Saudi Arabia took it even further, declaring it would voluntarily slash another 400,000 b/d of production beyond its new quota, bringing the group's total supply curbs to 2.1 million b/d. The coalition will meet again March 5-6 in Vienna to assess the impact of the new deal and decide whether to renew them beyond their end-March expiry.

LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton said that it would not proceed with its $16.2 billion acquisition of the fine jeweler Tiffany & Co.—a deal planned since November of last year that would have been the largest the luxury sector had ever seen—due to the pandemic’s implications for the global luxury industry and an unusual request of the French government. The $48 billion luxury goods conglomerate said in a Sept. 9 press release that they came to the decision to scrap the deal following “a succession of events likely to weaken the transaction to acquire Tiffany & Co.,” receiving “a letter from the Minister for Europe and Foreign Affairs who, in reaction to the threat of taxes on French products formulated by the United States, asked the LVMH group to defer the acquisition of Tiffany beyond January 6, 2021,” and “Tiffany's request to extend the deadline for completing the agreement from November 24, 2020 to December 31, 2020.”
“As it stands, the Group LVMH will therefore not be able to complete the acquisition of Tiffany & Co.,” the company said.

The number of S&P Global Ratings' new issuer ratings increased in 2020 and 2021, as a handful of well-known private foundations came to the market with large debt issuances to make more grants than usual. These organizations, led by the Ford Foundation, recognized the tremendous pressure that was placed on funding and fundraising for smaller entities in the non-profit sector due to the pandemic.

Meanwhile, the US-enforced delay to Nord Stream 2 has not gone down well in Europe, either. German foreign minister Heiko Maas slammed the US sanctions against the pipeline, saying European energy policy should be decided in Europe, not the US.

First, what are ESG values and what constitutes them? ESG investing is not about categorizing companies on the basis of how “good” they are but how they manage each of the ESG factors (environmental, social, and corporate governance), thereby helping investment strategies in their selection methodologies.

The sanctions are Washington’s latest move in a series of many to shut down the construction of Nord Stream 2, a 764-mile (1,230-kilometer) pipeline that will carry gas to Germany and central Europe. The pipeline is half funded by the European energy conglomerates Engie, OMV, Shell, Uniper, and Wintershall and is being built by the Kremlin-controlled gas company Gazprom.

The DOL acknowledged in the final rule that certain ESG issues like climate change and poor corporate governance can create "an economic business risk or opportunity" to companies and their investors. However, like many ESG skeptics, the DOL raised concerns about whether an ERISA plan fiduciary could be swayed by the rising momentum behind ESG to pick investments that carry higher fees with worse returns, ultimately hurting beneficiaries.

Roughly 20% to 30% of Russian loans restructured due to the COVID-19 pandemic could become problem loans and local banks will likely have to set aside additional provisions to cover potential losses on such loans, the Central Bank of the Russian Federation said.

Nemchynov pointed to another reason, he said, to develop Ukraine's Black Sea gas reserves: the ongoing dispute between Ukraine and Russia over Russian gas flow to Europe via Ukraine. Russian gas flows into Europe are slated to be lower this winter, with the country's Gazprom gas giant opting not to buy additional capacity on the Ukrainian transit system in anticipation of regulatory approval of commercial flow on the Nord Stream 2 pipeline to Germany.

S&P DJI ESG Scores are used as the primary dataset in evaluating the ESG performance of each constituent company. S&P DJI ESG Scores are the second set of ESG scores calculated by S&P Global ESG Research, in addition to the S&P Global ESG Scores that are used to define the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices constituents.

In June, Turkey's imports of Russian gas fell to a long-term low of just 0.16 Bcm as Botas failed to restart imports via the Blue Stream pipeline which had been closed by Gazprom for maintenance during May and cheap spot LNG imports displaced pipeline gas.

Starting in November, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry will launch a task force under its fuel ammonia council to consider and report "solutions" to develop fuel ammonia supply chains at its fuel ammonia conference next year, according to a speech read out on Oct. 6 at the first International Conference on Fuel Ammonia, citing Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Koichi Hagiuda.

Real estate operators are primarily exposed to climate change, given the need to use energy to heat or cool buildings. Efforts to enhance the sustainable credentials of a real estate asset can enhance the issuer's operating efficiency (by conserving energy, reducing water usage, and managing waste), reduce operating costs, and encourage environmental benchmarks to monitor assets.

What are the regulations, and what do they aim to achieve? The EU Low Carbon Benchmark Regulation amends the EU Benchmark Regulation in two ways: first, it introduces two new benchmark classifications—EU Climate Transition Benchmarks (EU CTB) and EU Paris-Aligned Benchmarks (EU PAB)—and second, it requires administrators of ESG benchmarks to publish certain information.

European banks may gain an edge over their U.S. peers with a proposed "green asset ratio" designed to give investors clarity on increasingly important environmental issues, according to market participants. The European Banking Authority has recommended that banks adopt a greet asset ratio, or GAR, to show how their economic activities are environmentally sustainable, putting the proposal out to consultation.

39. ESG credit factors can affect credit ratings through their influence on credit rating components, such as industry risk and country risk, as well as entity-specific factors, such as competitive position and financial performance and leverage.

Italian steel production will drop around 15% in 2020 on the slump in demand, particularly from the automotive sector, caused by the coronavirus pandemic and low output at ArcelorMittal Italia, Italian steel federation Federacciai President Alessandro Banzato told S&P Global Platts July 28. In 2019, Italian steel production fell 5.3% year on year to 23.192 million mt, below the EU average of a 4.9% drop to 159.4 million mt.

The ESG Insider newsletter compiles news and insights on environmental, social and governance developments driving changes in business and investment decisions. Subscribe to our ESG Insider newsletter, and listen to the latest ESG Insider podcast on SoundCloud, Spotify and iTunes.

"Now is the time for Germany and the EU to impose a moratorium on the construction of the pipeline," the acting US ambassador to Germany, Robin Quinville, told German daily Handelsblatt on Dec. 5.

FirstEnergy on Nov. 7 announced it will sell a 19.9% stake in FirstEnergy Transmission LLC to Brookfield Super-Core Infrastructure Partners LP for $2.4 billion in an all-cash transaction. Management also announced it will issue $1 billion of common stock to Blackstone Infrastructure Partners LP at $39.08 per share.

The Dutch city's share trading venues posted a higher average daily value of shares traded than London for the first time in January after the U.K. fully quit the European Union at the end of 2020, and there are warnings Amsterdam could eat into London's position as the default European location.

While the U.K., Texas, and California differ dramatically in many capacities, these economies are united in their over-reliance on natural gas for power generation—as the fossil fuel accounts for nearly 40%, 51%, and 48% of their respective energy mixes, according to governmental data. Despite several risks that have threatened natural gas’ viability and reliability for these economies, leaders remain faithful to natural gas for their energy grids’ immediate futures.

Asian refiners and petrochemical makers have started to prepare for a possible resumption in Iranian crude imports amid growing optimism that tensions between Washington and Tehran could improve under the Biden administration, with several Asian oil companies and trading firms reviewing recent Iranian crude official selling prices and S&P Global Platts South Pars condensate price assessments.

Canadian exports of billet, slabs and foundry alloys to the US totaled 105,545 mt, up 79.52% year on year, as alloyed aluminum from Canada could flow into the US duty free and would not fall under the USTR guidance import levels that were set in 2020. Year-to-date imports of slabs from Canada were up just over 61% as the tightening scrap market has forced some mills to go out into the spot market for more primary and slabs to keep the chemistry mix of products.

The unprecedented times caused by the COVID-19 pandemic have shown that traditional credit risk analysis that uses the latest published financials for companies creates challenges in capturing the true impact of the pandemic on the economy and businesses. As an alternative, analysts can use consensus data from equity analysts to add independent views of the pandemic’s impact on businesses within each industry.

On Thursday, Novak held a meeting with Russian oil companies on production plans, during which the possibility of returning to the OPEC+ deal was not even brought up, according to participants at the meeting.

Our upward revision for Turkey's GDP growth, to -2.5%, from -3.3% previously, reflects the impact of a strong credit stimulus engineered by the government, which underpinned a faster recovery in domestic demand and imports. Coupled with a slump in revenues from goods exports and tourism, this has led to a widening of the current account deficit to close to 8% of quarterly GDP in the second quarter, from an overall surplus in 2019.

Russia has considered a similar export ban on oil products before. At the end of April the energy ministry published a draft outlining a potential ban on gasoline exports for three months aimed at easing pressure on domestic prices.

Latin America COVID-19 Weekly Update

Overall, the EU’s international trade activity is rebounding, according to Panjiva, part of S&P Global Market Intelligence. But aluminum prices have soared, European steel markets are struggling to recover from supply chain and demand disruptions, and steel and aluminum executives across North America see only modest growth for their industry on the horizon.

The objective of the annual survey is to better understand how Mexican insurers invest and allocate their excess capital and how they view issues such as regulation, passive strategies, and the implementation of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) investment criteria. With each annual survey, it is our aim to reflect the current state of the insurance investment landscape from the perspective of the investment decisionmakers.

“As the Fed gets ready yet again to ‘taper,’ the U.S. dollar has entered another round of strengthening. Since the start of June 2021, the Dow Jones FXCM Dollar Index, which is designed to measure the broad performance of the U.S. dollar against four developed market currencies, has risen 4%,” Benedek Vörös, director of index investment strategy at S&P Dow Jones Indices, said in a commentary yesterday.

"It's going to be a disaster." That's what Natasha Lamb, managing partner at sustainable investment firm Arjuna Capital LLC, said when asked how the pandemic will impact women in the workforce.

Moscow — Russia could potentially increase oil production by up to 500,000 b/d in the long term, although it hasn't closed the door to further cooperation with OPEC in the future, energy minister Alexander Novak said Tuesday.

The S&P Europe 350 ESG Factor Weighted Index is designed to measure the performance of the constituent companies within the S&P Europe 350®, with a weighting scheme that accounts for each company?€?s ESG Factor Score, as assessed by SAM.

London — Russian natural gas flows delivering into Germany via the Yamal pipeline have stopped, just days after a long-standing transportation agreement between Russia and Poland expired, data from receiving German Transmission System Operator Gascade shows.

Mark Carney, a U.N. special envoy for climate action and finance, said that with regulatory and legal goalposts in place, commercial opportunities involving emissions reductions will grow, including new financial products that allow the trade of carbon offsets. Mark Carney, the finance adviser to the U.K.'s prime minister for the upcoming United Nations climate change conference and a U.N. special envoy for climate action and finance, said that with regulatory and legal goalposts in place, commercial opportunities involving emissions reductions will grow, including new financial products that allow the trade of carbon offsets.

CEO Mario Mehren said its two most recent startups -- the BP-operated Raven gas field in Egypt and the Achimov 4A/5A gas project in Russia -- were "performing well."

In our view, Ageas' exposure to environmental and social risks is similar to that of the global insurance industry and peers in continental Europe, such as Vienna Insurance Group or CNP Assurances. Environmental risk primarily arises from the risk that the frequency and severity of claims for extreme weather events will increase as a result of climate change in its main markets of Belgium, Portugal, and the U.K. Further exposure stems from Ageas' investment portfolio, where changes in policy or public opinion regarding climate change could cause greater asset valuation volatility.

Novak shared his concerns presenting the results of the most recent OPEC+ meeting held last week to President Vladimir Putin. Russia was granted permission to increase oil production by 130,000 b/d in April, while other OPEC+ countries, except for Kazakhstan, would hold production at January levels.

Physical Risk analytics offers an asset-level approach to the assessment of physical risk at the company and portfolio level. This include data that provides detailed information to help understand the exposure of company-owned facilities and capital assets to seven climate-related physical impacts (i.e., flood, water stress, heatwave, cold wave, hurricanes, sea level rise, and wildfire) under different climate change scenarios.

The Russian gas industry has long been portrayed by means of predictable and dated clichés.

As the leveraged finance markets move to embrace sustainability issues, Europe has seen a handful of green high-yield bonds over recent years, but the European leveraged loan space has been slower to adapt. Last year, Spanish telco MASMOVIL Group became the first leveraged loan borrower in Europe to incorporate ESG criteria into its financing, with a €100 million revolver and a €150 million capex line both including an ESG rating from a third-party provider with a linked margin ratchet.

At our Annual Insurance Investment Summit – How Are Insurers Staying Ahead of the Curve?, NEPC’s Andrew Coupe and Liberty Mutual’s Patrizio Urciuoli explore the practical considerations of incorporating ESG into an insurance portfolio, alongside a host of other industry experts who tackle other topics relevant to insurance company investments. Since the Global Financial Crisis, insurance companies have had two major trades—trading illiquidity for yield and going down the credit curve.

Gazprom also believes gas prices in Europe and Asia could rise by two- or three-fold in the coming years depending on the pace of the recovery of gas demand post-coronavirus.

The banking sector is progressing faster than many companies they finance, as evidenced by the mismatch between the more than €4 trillion in capital that European banks have vowed to align with the Paris Agreement on climate change and the amount of suitable corporate lending available in the market in Europe, the CDP, formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project, said in a recent report. Banks, too, need better environmental, social and governance data from the market and to harmonize standards within the financial sector, industry observers said.

As S&P Global Market Intelligence emerge from the first months of a very different world from the one prior to the RSA Conference, As S&P Global Market Intelligence finds themselves taking stock of the trends shaping technology and asking what's next. As S&P Global Market Intelligence recently had occasion to think about this question in detail as As S&P Global Market Intelligence updated their outlook for 2020 – not from the point of view of late 2019, when it was first published, but through a very different lens in the months since the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic.

**Crude prices could dip to as low as $20/b over the coming months, according to Goldman Sachs, after the failure of Saudi Arabia and Russia to agree to production cuts last week sparked the start of a new price war over market share. The investment bank slashed its Brent oil price forecasts for second quarter and third quarter this year by $17/b and $23/b, respectively, to $30/b, and said prices would dip to "operational stress levels and well-head cash costs" at close to $20/b unless OPEC+ can reach a deal in coming months.

An advisory technical committee met June 29 to review the latest forecasts devised by the OPEC secretariat, the base case of which sees oil demand rising 6 million b/d in 2021, with world economic growth at 5.5%. OECD oil inventories have dipped below the 2015-2019 average that OPEC+ members are targeting.

“Get out now, or risk the consequences,” U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said July 15 at a press conference. The U.S. government offered a stark warning to investors involved in Russia’s Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline.

“Nobody could look back on 2020 and not see the implications of the pandemic, social inequities through the Black Lives Matter movement, the disproportionate impact of the pandemic on different minority groups, and the real climate issues that we see every day on the television,” Martina Cheung, president of S&P Global Market Intelligence and head of ESG for S&P Global, told the Essential Podcast. “What I would hope to see five years from now is that companies, sectors, and governments have made meaningful progress in actually incorporating all of this into planning and decision-making.

A good example of this is Russian crude producer Rosneft’s involvement in the Zohr project in Egypt. Rosneft joined European partners Eni and BP in the gas field in 2017.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, known as OPEC, believes oil demand will increase through 2040.

A month later the US imposed sanctions on another Rosneft affiliate, TNK Trading, for trading in Venezuelan crude, saying that crude allocated to Rosneft Trading was transferred to TNK Trading to evade sanctions. .

0210 GMT: Crude oil futures were trading higher in mid-morning trade in Asia June 3, with the prompt-month ICE Brent contract rallying above $40/b amid optimism that OPEC+ would extend its supply cuts.

March was a momentous month for the market. Imports of LNG, which is used for industrial heating and to fuel heavy-duty transport, climbed 5.8% year-over-year last month, marking the biggest increase in the 12-month period since March 2020, according to Bloomberg.

What's happening? The Electric Reliability Council of Texas in July approved 590.4 MW of new generation capacity for commercial operation, comprising more than 550 MW of wind nameplate capacity and more than 40 MW of battery storage capacity.

On Nov. 19, 2020, S&P Global Ratings hosted an industry roundtable to delve into the rapidly evolving world of sustainable covered bonds and assess the impact of COVID-19 on the product. We spoke to portfolio managers, investment strategists, industry representatives, and bankers.

"The pandemic ended up being an accelerator on this issue in a much more convincing way," Octavio de Lazari, CEO of Banco Bradesco SA, said. Together with Itaú Unibanco Holding SA and Banco Santander (Brasil) SA, the largest private banks in Brazil launched the "Amazon plan" in 2020, a set of goals to help in the sustainable development of the rainforest region.

Repsol’s ESG Evaluation of 68 reflects S&P Global Ratings' view of the company’s strong preparedness and relatively good management of its environmental and social risks in a highly exposed industry. While it remains inherently exposed to greenhouse gas (GHG) emission, pollution, water use, and contamination risks, we believe the company’s sustainability strategy is among the most advanced in the O&G sector.

In this edition of the Platts Commodities Focus podcast, Jared Anderson, senior writer with S&P Global Platts, speaks with Jeff Bishop, CEO of energy storage developer Key Capture Energy, about the most valuable US energy storage markets, the accessibility of those markets, policy barriers, preparing for market changes, federal regulation to watch in 2021, and more.

The coronavirus crisis has exacerbated the U.S.’ income, wealth, and opportunity inequalities, the risks and effects of climate change, the impact of systemic racism, and the polarizing political environment. But expansive research sponsored by S&P Global—written by Robert Litan, former director of economic studies at the Brookings Institution; Ella Bell Smith, professor of business administration at Dartmouth’s Tuck School of Business; Matthew Slaughter, the Paul Danos Dean of the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth; and Robert Lawrence, Albert L Williams Professor of International Trade and Investment at Harvard Kennedy School and Non-Resident Senior Fellow at The Peterson Institute for International Economics.

Social factors don't just depend on how consumers will judge a company’s behavior. Geopolitical events also fall under the social category in ESG investing and conflicts like these can prevent companies from producing or distributing their products.

The first rationale is that from a risk/return perspective, companies that consider impact investing and ESG practices associated with their business activities are likely to be ahead of their peers.1 From an environmental standpoint, actively managing a portfolio’s footprint may help decrease exposure to companies that may face legal and reputational risks and provide a hedge against future regulatory changes. For example, as the world transitions to a low-carbon economy, organizations that have been proactive will be better positioned to adapt to new regulations, innovation, or a shift in consumer appetite.2

Russia's move to protect its domestic wheat supply amid the global pandemic has pushed its prices to more than six-year highs. At the same time, the La Nina weather phenomenon has had opposite impact on the northern and southern hemispheres, with Australia producing a record crop while the Black Sea grapples with dry conditions.

In the latest round of finger pointing between the two countries, Putin said that Saudi Arabia was boosting its production to target US shale oil companies, while maintaining that Russia was not interested in taking US market share.

Another delegate said he was wary of a repeat of June 2018, when the OPEC+ coalition agreed to hike quotas by 1 million b/d after the US withdrew from the Iran nuclear deal, only to be wrong-footed when the White House weeks later offered waivers for several countries to continue importing Iranian oil, causing crude prices to crash.

In European gas, the market will again be watching out for any signs in changes to Russian supply after comments by Russian President Vladimir Putin last week led to a sharp decline in gas prices. Putin said he has ordered gas giant Gazprom to begin refilling its gas storage sites in Germany and Austria as soon as it has completed the domestic gas injection program on November 8.

Climate change remains in sharp focus for European banks amid the coronavirus crisis, sustainability leaders at some of Europe's largest lenders said in exclusive interviews for the latest episode of "ESG Insider," an S&P Global podcast about environmental, social and governance issues. Listen to this episode of "ESG Insider" on SoundCloud, Spotify or Apple Podcasts.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. With nearly 50 COVID-19 vaccines in clinical trials worldwide, the frenzied race has been changeable.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. As many foreign leaders step in to congratulate President-elect Joe Biden on his victory in the U.S. election, there remains some question about how the new administration will aproach trade policy.

In this context, we take a look at the recent evolution and outlook for the world's second-largest oil exporter. Russia's current OPEC+ quota limits crude production to 10.33 million b/d and this year does not include condensate.

He added that Qatar has no intentions of cutting its crude production to help with the OPEC+ efforts. And asked if he was bothered by low oil prices also cutting into Qatar's gas margins, he took a longer-term view.

These beta-like indices gave investors’ comfort that they could integrate ESG into the core of their portfolios. Was this warm feeling deserved?

–Shape of Recovery –Historically Low Ratings in the Run-Up to 2020 Increases Vulnerability to the COVID-19 Crisis –COVID-19 Heat Map: Updated Sector Views Show Diverging Recoveries –Top 10 Investor Questions On Our Ratings Process –Ratings Weekly Digest –Credit FAQ: Energy Transition: The Outlook For Power Markets In The Age Of COVID-19 –Market Liquidity In A Crisis: Five Key Lessons From COVID-19

The Biden administration on April 15 expelled 10 Russian diplomats from the U.S. and banned U.S. banks from buying sovereign bonds issued by Russian institutions, part of a swath of sanctions in response to Russia's attempts to influence the 2020 U.S. presidential election, its decision to gather troops on its border with Ukraine, and an alleged global cyber espionage campaign.

US wheat production is also seen down 1.3 million mt from the previous estimate to 46.2 million mt, due to similar drought and extreme dryness seen during July-August. The US is also an important producer of durum wheat, along with common wheat.

--Sasol's Natref refinery in South Africa will suspend operations from Thursday April 9 until further notice as the lockdown in South Africa which started on March 27 "has caused an unprecedented decline in fuel demand".

In July, Appalachia's gas production has fallen from recent highs to average about 32.9 Bcf/d, according to S&P Global Platts Analytics data. The drop, which appears driven by maintenance outages at a handful of regional gas processing plants, lowers output from highs close to 34 Bcf/d in June – still well below record levels recorded during the recent peak-demand months of winter 2020-2021.

Houston — The US has waived sanctions against Russian natural gas giant Gazprom for its ownership of the nearly completed Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline to Germany, and against its CEO, according to a State Department report to the Congress on May 19.

Colonial had halted all pipeline operations because of a ransomware attack, restricting the primary artery for gasoline and refined products for much of the South and East Coast from delivering more than 100 million gal/d of fuel and heating oil. Colonial stretches more than 5,500 miles from the Houston refining hub to the New York harbor, supplying about 45% of all the gasoline and diesel fuel consumed on the East Coast.

A flurry of corporate mergers and acquisitions has seemingly heightened investor confidence and sent equities markets rallying after the tumult of recent weeks. California-based biopharmaceutical company Gilead Sciences, known for its drug Remdesivir that has been used to treat COVID-19 patients, announced Sept. 13 that it will acquire cancer-drug maker Immunomedics.

Several studies have investigated the link between diverse workforces and a firm's financial performance. According to a 2020 McKinsey & Co study, companies in the top quartile for racial and ethnic diversity are 36% more likely to show financial returns that exceed the national industry median.

“S&P Global believes that China has missed an opportunity to accelerate progress towards its commitment of net zero carbon by 2060” in its Five Year Plan, S&P Global Ratings Chief APAC Economist Shaun Roache and S&P Global Platts Analytics Head of Energy Scenarios and Policy and Technology Analytics Roman Kramarchuk said in a recent report. “China's climate ambitions are being held back by its efforts to achieve supply-chain security in strategic sectors, including energy but also technology.

As many foreign leaders step in to congratulate President-elect Joe Biden on his victory in the U.S. election, there remains some question about how the new administration will aproach trade policy. Trade has been a closely watched issue during the election and its immediate aftermath.

Grades at open pit mines were higher year over year, which contributed to the decrease in emissions intensity per ounce of gold produced. Throughput and total emissions were both down at open pit mines by 2% and 5%, respectively; however, with emissions declining faster than throughput year over year, the intensity per tonne of ore processed declined 1%.

Behind the scenes, as Lee's senior policy adviser on climate and ESG, Khanna has looked across the SEC's different legal authorities, working with its offices and divisions, other financial regulatory bodies, and Lee herself to identify and coordinate ESG initiatives. The role has put Khanna, who worked for former SEC Commissioner Robert Jackson Jr. before leaving in 2019, at the center of the SEC's work to stand up its own internal infrastructure around climate and ESG.

When it comes to the specifics, we have both internal- and external-looking commitments. For example, Southern committed $200 million through 2025 to advance racial equity and social justice in our communities.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. While the coronavirus pandemic’s disruptions have done more in nine months to reduce global emissions than any policy action in the five years since the Paris Agreement was signed, the long-term implications for the fight against climate change are yet to be seen.

But the rebound won’t be boundless. S&P Global Platts Analytics anticipates global oil demand this year will expand 6.1 million barrels per day, following last year’s 8.8 million barrels per day decline.

On Dec. 15, 2020, we republished our Environment, Social, and Governance Evaluation: Analytical Approach. This version replaces the publication dated June 17, 2020.

Christi Tezak of the research firm ClearView Energy Partners LLC said the trend away from natural gas as a bridge fuel started long before Dominion and Duke canceled the ACP. She noted that some states have indicated they are not interested in expanding gas infrastructure.

S&P Global uses cookies to improve user experience and site performance, offer advertising tailored to your interests and enable social media sharing. By clicking “OK” or continuing to use our site, you agree to our use of cookies.

"Asia is our key market and we see a steady increase in demand for Russian metallurgical coals and anthracite to replace Australia's coals," Cory Bougoure, CEO of Sibanthracite Overseas Pte, told S&P Global Platts.

The subset of company-level carbon emissions data covers Scope 1, 2, and 3 with metrics on quantities and intensities of carbon-equivalent emissions (tCO2e, tCO2e/US$ revenues) and their estimated damage cost equivalents (US$), along with impact ratios. As with all environmental data, it contains sector revenue data that gives revenues and percentages of company revenues derived from each of Trucost’s 464 business sectors.

"Human capital, human rights, climate change — these issues are fundamental to our markets, and investors want to and can help drive sustainable solutions on these issues. We see that unmistakably in shifts in capital toward ESG investing, we see it in investor demands for disclosure on these issues, we see it increasingly reflected on corporate proxy ballots, and we see it in corporate recognition that consumers and investors alike are watching corporate responses to these issues more closely than ever," Lee said.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. With 35 days until the U.S. presidential election, septuagenarian rivals President Donald Trump and Democratic nominee Joe Biden spent the majority of yesterday’s debate—the first out of three that will take place between now and Nov. 3—speaking over and interrupting each other and the moderator, Fox News journalist Chris Wallace.

With these adjustments, the resulting 274 constituents of the S&P MidCap 400 ESG Index and 407 constituents of the S&P SmallCap 600 ESG Index manage to closely replicate the underlying risk/return profile of the respective benchmark (with welcome outperformance; see Exhibit 1)—as well as provide measurable ESG improvements (see Exhibits 2 and 3). This result, coupled with an almost identical underlying factor exposure to their benchmarks (even when it comes to size, surprisingly) confirms that these new ESG indices are poised to do precisely what they are intended to do (see Exhibits 4 and 5).

**Mariupol, Ukraine's main port in the Sea of Azov, is vital for pig iron and steel export from Ukraine and imports of steelmaking raw materials, particularly coking coal. In recent years, steel shipments from Mariupol have represented about a quarter of Ukraine's total exports in value terms.

Environmental, social, and governance (ESG) risks and opportunities can affect the capacity and willingness of an entity to meet its financial commitments in many ways. S&P Global Ratings incorporates these considerations into its ratings methodology and analytics, which enables analysts to factor in short-, medium- and long-term impacts--both qualitative and financial--into their considerations at a number of points in their credit analysis.

London — The Russian plan to shift trading of scrap metal for export onto an exchange has been put on hold indefinitely due to the lack of interest in pursuing such a labor-intensive move during the coronavirus pandemic.

A recovery in gas prices has meant that despite similar strength in coal and carbon pricing, some of the more efficient coal plants in Northwest Europe could see the rampant coal-to-gas switching of the last two years be more subdued, giving a boost to physical coal demand.

S&P Dow Jones Indices Launches Global ESG Index Series Based on Core Regional and Country Benchmarks NEW YORK, MAY 21, 2019: S&P Dow Jones Indices (“S&P DJI”), the world’s leading index provider, today announced the newest additions to its global Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) index family. Drawing from two decades of pioneering ESG index innovation, this new set of indices provides performance profiles in line with several headline indices including the S&P Global 1200, Europe 350, S&P/ASX 200 and S&P Japan 500.

OPEC, along with its allies in a supply accord, last met face to face in Vienna in March 2020 -- an infamous, fractious affair that led to a punishing price war between Saudi Arabia and Russia, just as the coronavirus pandemic was wreaking havoc on the global economy and the oil market.

SAP’s exposure to environmental and social risk factors is comparable to that of the broader technology software and services sector. Social risks mainly relate to customer privacy and data security, which could cause significant reputational harm and monetary damages to SAP if compromised.

"The texts of the hydrocarbons law are being published as they are adopted by the government," an Algerian industry source close to the matter told S&P Global Platts.

In 2020, 60 of the world's largest commercial and investment banks financed $750.73 billion to the fossil fuel industry, down from $823.68 billion in 2019, but above $709.23 billion in 2016. Investors and regulators have grown increasingly concerned about long-term climate risks, fearing that if industries like coal and gas become obsolete, financial institutions will be left with stranded assets.

British banks are set to come under renewed pressure to curb fossil fuel financing after the International Energy Agency warned that energy companies must stop all new oil and gas exploration projects in 2021 to meet climate change targets. The financing of polluting industries is becoming an increasingly important issue for bank shareholders with lenders also facing scrutiny from governments, regulators and environmental campaigners.

Dubai — Oil producers may need to exert more efforts to lessen the coronavirus impact on the oil market because demand is not expected to recover quickly, given the amount of surplus and large volume of crude held in floating storage, the executive director of the International Energy Agency said Wednesday.

Russia's Gazprom Neft and Lukoil said Sept. 16 that they are creating a joint venture to develop an oil and gas cluster in the West Siberian Yamal-Nenets region, and are also considering further cooperation in Russia.

The Democrat-controlled committee heard testimony from several panelists representing groups and pension fund managers pressing for such mandates. The Republican party's witness on the panel — a former CEO of a biotech company who is writing a book on the topic — claimed that disclosure mandates and the ESG movement more broadly threaten democracy by allowing rich investors and corporations to dictate what should be done on issues of morality and public policy.

Among the segments experiencing high levels of legal action involving D&O insurance are cybersecurity, IPOs involving special purpose acquisition companies and COVID-19 related lawsuits. Environmental, social and governance concerns are also becoming increasingly important to shareholders and now represent an emerging risk for heavy litigation with which insurers must contend.

Dozens of Ukrainian gas industry officials and lawmakers have called for work on the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline to be halted in an open letter following the decision by the US government to waive sanctions against the pipeline's developer.

At S&P DJI, we recognize that ESG integration has become increasingly important and now offer a series of ESG indices—including the flagship S&P/ASX 200 ESG Index and the recently launched S&P/NZX Carbon Efficient Indices.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. Surprising investors and policymakers alike on Tuesday, U.S. President Donald Trump discontinued bipartisan stimulus talks until after the Nov. 3 election—halting hopes for additional pandemic aid that would provide help for struggling small businesses and civilians across the country.

But first, this week is set to be dominated by corporate results from the global majors and markets will be looking closely for indicators on the state of the oil and gas industry. The mood across the industry has significantly improved of late, with upstream oil and gas production rebounding on the back of higher oil and gas prices.

The minister reiterated the UAE's commitment to stay in OPEC, despite previous rumblings that the producer wanted to exit the group amid plans to boost its oil output capacity. Abu Dhabi National Oil Co., the UAE's biggest energy producer, is set to ramp up its oil production capacity by 25% to 5 million b/d by 2030 and plans to launch the Murban futures contract on an Abu Dhabi-based exchange on March 29.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. Despite the global battle cry to build a more sustainable marketplace, the pandemic-prompted economic downturn has pushed some investors to reduce their focus on environmental, social, and governance (ESG) factors during this year of difficult market conditions.

The chemicals company Sasol announced on Aug. 25 that it will shut Lake Charles, La., and Winnie, Texas facilities ahead of the hurricane’s landfall. That same day, Cheniere Energy, the liquefied natural gas firm, temporarily shut down production and evacuated its staff at its Sabine Pass LNG export terminal in Louisiana.

London — Egypt state grain importer GASC announced June 1 its first wheat tender of the 2020-21 marketing year (July-June) will take place on June 2, according to GASC website.

ESG and sustainability can also create a competitive edge for private equity funds, Scott Church, co-founder of placement agent Rede Partners LLP, said. "We are seeing a sea change starting in Europe now also in the U.S. with that," he added.

We will continue to need fossil fuels in our energy mix for decades to come and as such, we need to ensure that the fossil fuels we do consume are of the lowest possible carbon intensity and impact on our planet. With the advent of big data and the Internet of Things (IOT) we can use things like blockchain technology to be able to track and monitor the impact of the carbon we consume.

"If we think about our strategy it really is to continue the decarbonization that we've been on already," Portland General Electric Co. President and CEO Maria Pope said, adding that about 50% of the utility's energy mix comes from hydroelectric generation, wind and solar resources. "We're also working on electrifying our overall economy.

Despite stronger-than-expected GDP growth in the first quarter of this year, propelled by domestic demand and the performance of the service sector, many emerging economies have confronted new waves of coronavirus infections that have led to renewed lockdowns and may ultimately constrict activity, according to S&P Global Ratings. Companies across these emerging markets may face elevated credit risks.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. When director Christopher Nolan was conceiving the idea for a movie about a secret agent who embarks on a time-traveling mission to prevent World War III, he couldn’t have anticipated that his film “Tenet” would open on a limited number of screens across minimal major markets in the middle of a global health crisis.

Iran, an OPEC member whose oil exports have dwindled since the re-imposition of US sanctions in 2018, began in April indirect talks with the US in Vienna amid hopes for Washington to rejoin the 2015 Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action nuclear deal. The third round of talks between the remaining members of the nuclear deal -- Iran, Russia, China, France, Britain and Germany -- concluded on May 1 and are expected to resume at the end of this week.

Highlights
Biden-Putin summit set for June 16 in Geneva
Major US meat producer gets hit with ransomware
US President Joseph Biden plans to press Russian President Vladimir Putin to crack down on ransomware attackers based in his country who are targeting critical US infrastructure like the Colonial Pipeline, White House spokeswoman Jen Psaki said June 2. Receive daily email alerts, subscriber notes & personalize your experience.

Based on international and domestic practice, the recommendations offer an overview of advantages and limitations regarding existing approaches to ESG taxonomy, management structure, business models and strategy, ESG risk management and ESG reporting.

Shatti, who will serve as Kuwait's OPEC governor, was previously the delegation's No. 3 official as OPEC national representative.

Pipeline flows to all of Europe (excluding the countries of the former Soviet Union) through the Nord Stream pipeline, the Yamal-Europe corridor and via Ukraine totaled 15.34 Bcm in December, or an average of 495 million cu m/d, according to the data.

Over the year since the launch of the S&P PACT Indices, the market has pushed for an index methodology evolution: the addition of an S&P DJI ESG Score improvement, further exclusions, a buffer rule, and revised stock capping (see Exhibit 1). The series comprises two types of indices: the S&P Climate Transition (CT) Indices and their more ambitious cousins, the S&P Paris-Aligned (PA) Indices.

Singapore — 0210 GMT: Crude oil futures traded lower in mid-morning trade in Asia June 1 as uncertainty around OPEC+ production cut compliance and post-lockdown demand recovery continued to cloud the outlook.

Houston — Steel demand in the US from the energy sector was likely to take a hit as oil prices tanked Monday.

In this special episode of ESG Insider, an S&P Global podcast about environmental, social and governance issues, we explore how corporate America is responding to COVID-19 with new policies for employees caring for children and elderly relatives. S&P Global partnered with AARP to research how leave policies are evolving in the U.S. private sector and the potential impact on women in the workforce.

“Our research identified clear gender affinities for key concepts and words during the peak pandemic period across nearly 8,500 companies in 61 countries that we examined,” Daniela Brandazza, a senior director and analytical manager at S&P Global Ratings and a lead author of the research, said. “We concluded that women CEOs favored a leadership and communication style that emphasized flexibility and adaptability during a crisis period, enabling their connection with employees and other stakeholders.

We see Transnet's management and governance as fair, and more exposed to governance factors than domestic peers'. Transnet's former board and executive team have been accused of significant governance failures and irregularities, most notably in procurement.

US President Joe Biden lambasted Russia and Saudi Arabia, leaders of OPEC+, for not boosting their output further to dampen the oil price rally that has pushed gasolines prices in the US to above the threshold of $3/gal.

Although the worst of the COVID-19 pandemic appears to be behind us, regional infection dynamics and related policy responses continue to underpin relative economic outcomes. The global growth outlook for 2021 is broadly unchanged from S&P Global Ratings’ last update, albeit with sizable moves in some regional forecasts: Growth in Europe and many emerging markets looks stronger, while in the U.S. and China, it looks weaker.

Surging coronavirus case totals and subpar economic data sent U.S. stocks lower on July 16. Chinese equities plummeted to their biggest drop in five months.

In our view, L&Q's governance factors are weaker than peers in the U.K. social housing sector. L&Q has sales revenues comprising 45% of total turnover in FY2020, which makes it one of the most exposed entities in our portfolio.

In this edition, we explore recent consolidation trends in the U.S. banking industry. The number of banks in the country with more than $50 billion in assets has increased by one-third since 2018, when lawmakers voted to roll back some of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act.

Singapore — The battle for Asian market share between major crude oil suppliers Saudi Arabia and Russia is set to heat up with the OPEC kingpin's move to slash its April official selling prices, luring Chinese and South Korean refiners to raise Saudi crude intake at the expense of Siberian oil imports.

The August 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence Asia-Pacific Markets Newsletter is now available for your viewing. This complimentary report provides timely insights and data on the Equity, CDS, Fixed Income, M&A, IPO, Private Equity and Venture Capital Investment markets.

As of October 2021, only 25% of U.S. REITs have portfolios where at least 25% of properties are considered green, according to Sustainalytics BV, Morningstar’s ESG-focused data company. Only 17% of U.S. REITs have portfolios where 50% or more of their properties are green.

This shipment marks the 12th tanker of oil Belarus has purchased in 2020 as the country continues to seek alternative suppliers after a disagreement with Russia on crude supply terms. Belarus has already received similar volumes from Saudi Arabia, Norway, and Azerbaijan.

The government has paid the US lip-service in the past around LNG too. Economy minister Peter Altair said in September said a German LNG import terminal would be a "gesture" to the US, which wants to secure a bigger market in Europe for its gas.

After a rapid and severe flight of capital from Latin American markets earlier in the year, some countries are seeing renewed interest by way of sovereign bond issuances, despite a worsening economic outlook for the region. Heading into 2020, sovereign issuances across Latin America were widely expected to grow over the course of the year amid stronger growth projections and easing central bank policies.

"I think of two of the bank franchises that have done tremendously in building shareholder value in my tenure — [SVB Financial Group] and [First Republic Bank] — both have been very focused on long-term values, very focused on their customers, very focused on their employees," Cannon said in the episode. "I think that's especially important today with the increased focus on ESG, which, as you know, there's more money flowing into ESG.

"Lukoil joining the BP and Socar project is in line with both Russia and Azerbaijan's national interests regarding development of international energy cooperation," Lukoil CEO Vagit Alekperov said in the company statement.

Gazprom Export launched the ESP in September 2018 as a tool to sell surplus gas into Europe outside of its traditional long-term contract model and has sold more than 51 Bcm of gas since its launch.

Algeirs — The OPEC+ alliance should remain cautious at its upcoming meeting Jan. 4 because a new strain of the coronavirus that causes COVID-19, B117, is likely to weigh on global oil demand outlook at the beginning of 2021, the Algerian energy minister Abdelmadjid Attar said in a Dec. 27 interview with French daily El-Watan.

Stormy weather and a resurgence of the coronavirus pandemic limited the recovery in Japanese gasoline and gasoil consumption in July, with demand at its lowest in decades, making refiners wary of raising run rates sharply heading into the usual peak summer demand season in August. Japan's July gasoline demand is estimated at 3.96 million kiloliters, or 803,471 b/d, down 8% year on year, while gasoil demand is estimated to have dropped 9% to 2.64 million kl, or 535,647 b/d, the country's largest refiner ENEOS said July 30.

Listen to this episode of ESG Insider on SoundCloud, Spotify or Apple podcasts. Read a Q&A with Walmart's chief sustainability officer here.

So, what exactly is Scope 3 data and how can it be measured? The GHG Protocol classifies a company’s GHG emissions into three Scopes.

The JMMC meeting, which wrapped up in an hour and a half, displayed none of the acrimony that has marred OPEC+ quota negotiations over the past few months, when some countries, led by Russia and the UAE, lobbied for a faster lifting of production caps, countered by Saudi Arabia, Algeria and others wary of rising COVID-19 infection levels worldwide.

Strong metals prices are supporting mining and discovery. As the size of exploration budgets typically align with metals prices within a one-year lag, high metals prices are likely to expand exploration budgets by 25%-35% this year, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence’s forecast.

We view the environmental and social considerations for Nutrien as being in line with its industry peers. As fertilizer production generates significant GHG emissions, Nutrien’s GHG management practices have the potential to materially affect its credit profile and rating.

After the pandemic significantly impacted industrial activity, global steel markets, and downstream producers last year, 2021 is expected to bring forth a vastly improving outlook for most metals. The productive future of mining on a global scale will likely hinge on widespread adherence to ESG principles, including health and safety regulations, carbon emissions reduction, and clampdowns on illegal deforestation, across the industry.

**Belarus refineries are currently operating at stable capacity, the country's Belta news agency reported, citing owner Belneftekhim. It previously reported that Mozyr will reduce its May throughput to 0.5 million mt on planned maintenance, although Belarus's second refinery, Naftan, will continue normal processing.

The cybersecurity risks to the nation's energy sector has been known for some time, but pure volume of attacks and advancing techniques have stayed ahead of the investments in cyber defense. And this cyberattack hit an oil and gas industry whose digital capabilities have been layered on top of old, legacy infrastructure and systems.

This commentary is written by Martin Fridson, a high-yield market veteran who is chief investment officer of Lehmann Livian Fridson Advisors LLC, as well as a contributing analyst to S&P Global Market Intelligence. Note: This article should be read in conjunction with: "Fridson on Finance: ESG vs. broader high yield – assessing profiles & returns."

“Certain investors saw the volatile markets resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic as a testing period for the new breed of ESG indices, like the S&P 500 ESG Index, which aim to provide a benchmark-like return. These indices did extraordinary well, not just performing in line with the market and achieving their objective, but also providing some welcome outperformance,” S&P Dow Jones Indices Head of ESG Indices Reid Steadman told the Daily Update.

In Korea, the rapid adoption of technology among consumers and social distancing measures following the COVID-19 outbreak will speed up banks' digital transformation. S&P Global Ratings expects Korean banks to continue strengthening their digital product and service offerings amid consumer demand for convenient banking services.

We believe North American Weyerhaeuser's credit quality is more exposed to risks from environmental factors than the broader industry, due largely to potential long-term effects of climate change on the company's 12 million acres of timber assets. Maintaining healthy and sustainable forest lands is core to Weyerhaeuser's viability to ensure a reliable permanent source of timber.

London — Norway-based quality assurance company DNV GL will no longer provide pipeline integrity verification services for the almost-complete Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline project due to the threat of US sanctions, a DNV GL spokesman said Jan. 4.

READ MORE: Sign up for our weekly ESG newsletter here, read our latest coverage of environmental, social and governance issues here and listen to our ESG podcast on SoundCloud, Spotify and Apple podcasts.

Volumes of green bond issuance in the Middle East and North Africa have lagged behind other emerging markets in recent years, with China leading the way. But a confluence of political direction, international investor activity and measures taken by Gulf sovereign wealth funds is helping drive awareness around green bonds, green and sustainable financing and ESG more generally, said Darin Rovere, CEO at Sustainability Excellence, a consultancy based in Abu Dhabi.

Following on the footsteps of Amazon.com Inc. with Amazon Channels and Apple Inc. with Apple TV, Russian media groups have been employing online video distribution strategies by aggregating third-party streaming apps into their OTT platforms. By strengthening their content portfolio to include both local and international titles, premium sports and live streaming TV networks, they're able to position as a viable alternative to a pay TV bundle at a competitive cost but without requiring commitment to a long-term contract.

Russia's environmental watchdog filed a claim Sept. 10 of 147.78 billion Russian rubles against Arctic mining group PJSC Norilsk Nickel Co. over a catastrophic fuel spill at the end of May at its OJSC Norilsk-Taimyr Energy Co. subsidiary. The environmental agency known as Rosprirodnadzor previously requested Norilsk to settle the US$1.96 billion claim voluntarily, before threatening legal action in September.

In European gas, all eyes will be on the auction for additional Ukrainian gas transit capacity this week, to see whether Russia's Gazprom will take up the offer to send more gas to Europe via Ukraine in July. With two of its key supply routes set for annual maintenance shutdowns in July, including the Nord Stream line, Gazprom may have to book additional Ukrainian capacity to help meet its supply obligations to European buyers.

The fall of Chesapeake Energy Corp.— which pioneered fracking in the U.S. and played a monumental role in solidifying the country’s status as an energy powerhouse before filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on Sunday—suggests that the future of energy amid the coronavirus crisis may swing toward sustainable sources. The Oklahoma City-based oil and gas company said it had amassed nearly $9 billion in debt, suffering $8.3 billion in losses in the first quarter of this year due to the downturn’s effect to the industry.

That's the vision we would have at Eurogas, definitely to have it as a market—a tradable market commodity. I think that is actually very crucial to the overall cost effectiveness of hydrogen.

The health of the global economy is predicated on the health of the global community, and the outlook is bright for both. S&P Global Ratings now forecasts the Asia-Pacific economy to grow 7.3% this year; the U.S. to boom this year and next by 6.5% and 3.1%, respectively; the six largest Latin-American economies to swell a combined 4.9% this year, with the average economy in the region returning to pre-pandemic levels by mid-2022; and the eurozone economy to expand 4.2% in 2021 and 4.4% in 2022.

In the RMBS segment, we assigned ratings to monthly RMBS and series T notes issued by JHF, and transactions backed by housing loan receivables originated by Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp. (SMBC): the ¥46.8 billion SMBC Residential Mortgage Trust Certificates No. 45 and the ¥7.4 billion SMBC 45 RMBS ABL (asset-backed loans).

The US sanctions signed into law on Friday will undoubtedly lead to delays in finishing the Nord Stream 2 pipeline from Russia to Germany, and mean that Moscow really had no choice but to compromise with Ukraine over transit.

Swedbank AB is among the largest Nordic retail banks, with around €250 billion of assets. Headquartered in Sweden, where it is a leading retail player, the company also holds strong-to-dominant market positions in the Baltics.

The state has implemented comprehensive policies to protect critical resources and reduce the state's carbon footprint. In addition to aggressive renewable energy standards, the state's water conservation requirements for retail water suppliers will be effective in the near-term.

At that meeting, US Energy Secretary Dan Brouillette committed to the US storing "as much oil as possible" in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, but made no further commitments for US supply cuts, according to his prepared remarks, sent out Friday morning by his agency.

Welch is one of two state legislators we interviewed for the latest episode of ESG Insider, an S&P Global podcast about environmental, social and governance issues. The episode examines how corporate diversity laws enacted in Illinois in 2019 and in California in September 2020 aim to make publicly traded companies embrace racial diversity on their boards.

London — Several OPEC members, largely bystanders suffering amid the Saudi-Russia oil price war, continue to press for a new production accord to stem the market rout.

Ameren won praise from the Natural Resources Defense Council and other clean energy advocacy groups when it released a new sustainability plan in September 2020. The historically coal-heavy utility pledged to invest $4.5 billion to install 3,100 MW of wind and solar generation by 2030, along with energy efficiency and demand response programs expected to shave nearly 2,000 MW from peak energy demand by 2040.

Financial institutions are looking to dig deeper on a range of ESG factors that are expected to have an impact on a company’s growth, profitability, capital efficiency, and risk exposure. Many are taking steps to prepare for expected new regulations regarding ESG disclosure.

The U.S. broadcast radio sector is still recovering from the pandemic's fallout, more slowly than first expected. Radio advertising revenue declined broadly in line with S&P Global Ratings’ previous expectation of negative 23.5% last year.

"[O]ur climate goals remain intact and ... natural gas remains an essential part of our company's clean energy strategy and our path to net zero emissions," Duke Energy spokesperson Neil Nissan said in a July 6 email. "Without the [Atlantic Coast Pipeline], we're planning to invest in renewables, battery storage, energy efficiency programs and grid projects.

Throughout the coronavirus crisis, Australia has reported some of the lowest totals of confirmed cases and deaths compared to other developed economies. However, companies in the country have suffered under the strain of a downturn similarly to that of other advanced nations.

Traditionally, CLO documents typically had a free 5% allowance above which the portfolio manager was required to trap 50% of interest received from semi-annual or annual assets into the interest-smoothing accounts for the next payment date. Recent CLOs have amended these requirements.

Saudi Arabia has delivered what Russian Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Novak called "a New Year's gift" to the oil market with its surprise announcement of an extra 1 million b/d production cut, blowing away expectations that the OPEC+ alliance would merely roll over its collective output ceiling.

Qatar could even expand its production capacity further, Kaabi said.

Despite pressure from some US producers to broker a deal with OPEC to support oil prices or, alternatively, impose tariffs on crude imports into the US, Trump appears content to let market forces play out in a wave of involuntary shut-ins across the shale patch.

"In August to date, the gasoline export netback is down 3% relative to the end of July. We think that falling oil prices might contain the profitability of export sales and, thus, alleviate the pressure on domestic wholesale prices," analysts at VTB Capital said in a note.

In the medium-term, many will remain without power or wireless access for weeks, with nearly 440,000 Louisiana electricity customers still offline as Sept. 7, according to S&P Global Platts. Seventy-nine percent of oil output hasn’t recovered, and energy prices are rising.

Asian Development Bank (ADB)§, Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB)§, Caribbean Development Bank (CDB)§, Council of Europe Development Bank (CEB)§, Credit Guarantee and Investment Facility (CGIF), European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD)§, European Investment Fund (EIF)§, Fondo Latinoamericano de Reservas (FLAR), IDB Invest§, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD)§, International Finance Corp. (IFC), International Investment Bank (IIB), Islamic Development Bank (IsDB), International Development Association (IDA), New Development Bank (NDB), Nordic Investment Bank (NIB)§

"Rising gas prices continue to provide fuel switch price signals in favor of coal generation, with risk of demand destruction; non-emitting generation [was] robust in August but fell in early September to lift coal generation and support EUAs," Platts Analytics said.

What a difference a year makes. Latin American equities had a strong Q2, outperforming most regions, as the S&P Latin America BMI gained 15.7%.

Today is Wednesday, June 17, 2020, and here is today’s essential intelligence.

And beyond sustainability-oriented issuance, an emphasis on entities' overall ESG credentials will grow. With the long overdue mainstreaming of ESG in investment decision-making, concerns abound about "good washing" or "green washing" or even "purpose-washing": with a flood of issuers attempting to best position themselves in front of an increasingly ESG-savvy group of investors, there's understandable apprehension.

A lack of reliable and comparable ESG metrics and reporting is another key challenge to tackling confusion in the ESG space. In the absence of a common standard and enforcement mechanism for instrument-level ESG disclosure, the quality and consistency of post-issuance use of proceeds and impact reporting is still highly unstandardized and fragmented across issuer types and regions making it difficult to compare and aggregate performance.

Telecom companies are exposed to material environmental risks across their value chain: --Transition to low-carbon energy sources: The rapid increase in data traffic across telecom networks raises electricity use at data centers and in network infrastructure. Indirect greenhouse gas emissions associated with electricity generation will likely face increasingly stringent regulation globally, increasing input costs.

Russia, the world's largest wheat producer and exporter, is expected to produce 85 million mt of wheat in 2021-22 (July-June), slightly lower year on year. For 2020-21, Russia is expected to produce 85.35 million mt wheat.

The global oil and gas industries have weathered a brutal blow from the coronavirus crisis’ damping of demand and an equally sharp slashing of supply. Due to the global economy contracting and consumer behaviors dramatically changing, long-term oil demand has shrunk by 2.5 million barrels per day, with full-year demand to erase the six proceeding years of growth by declining 8.1 million barrels per day, according to S&P Global Platts Analytics’ Future Energy Outlooks.

However, the solid performance of European office REITs last year dispelled some of the concern about the landlords' capacity to maintain rents and asset values. REITs we rate reported flat revenue growth on average and still rising office property values in 2020 (1%) despite some rise in vacancy rate (two percentage points).

European gas markets enter winter at record highs after TTF prices soared 340% this summer. The rally was triggered by depleted EU gas stores and driven by global competition for LNG as well as Russia's reluctance to send additional gas volumes via Ukraine.

Compared to traditional ironmaking technologies, the carbon footprint of a natural gas-based Midrex plant is 50% lower than blast furnace ironmaking. In the future, the contracted plant could be converted to use up to 100% hydrogen as a reducing agent, decreasing its carbon emissions even further.

Encouraged by evidence of the materiality of ESG issues during the Covid-19 led volatility, there is greater appetite for sustainable themes in investor portfolios to align investments with one’s values and potentially generate higher risk-adjusted returns. At the same time, fuelled by greater transparency over how companies act and behave, and also spurred by trends in public opinion towards issues that matter to society as a whole, investors are seeking ways to leverage data and research to gain greater exposure to ESG factors.

We spoke with US Senator Lisa Murkowski, chairman of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee. She expects producers in her home state of Alaska to take an immediate hit from current prices.

The common theme between the S&P 500 ESG Index and the Boston Marathon selection processes is the way eligible constituents are ranked against their peers. For the index, it’s not how high your ESG score is, but how high your ESG score is within your industry group.

"I do not see any problems in terms of increasing production. We just need to proceed from the current market situation," said Novak, who manages Russia's OPEC+ relations, at the Russian Energy Week conference.

The first article in S&P Global Market Intelligence’s “When Sovereigns Default” series looked at the need for bondholders to keep a close watch on the credit risk of individual countries around the world given the negative economic impacts seen as a result of COVID-19. The second article presented estimates of loss given default (LGD) for 121 rated countries under a COVID-19 scenario, pinpointing areas of potential concern.

“Fighting climate change has become a top priority for European governments and policymakers. The financial sector will be instrumental in facilitating the transition to low- or zero-carbon economies now targeted by policymakers, but the transition itself could pose financial and operational risks for these firms,” S&P Global Ratings said in a recent report.

London — Global crude steel production in April fell 13% year on year to 137.1 million metric tons across the 64 countries reporting to the World Steel Association (worldsteel), as the coronavirus pandemic continues to hit the sector.

Kinder Morgan, which kicks off the reporting season on July 21, will likely highlight the sector's continuing focus on the energy transition after the pipeline giant recently announced plans to buy renewable natural gas developer Kinetrex Energy. Kinder Morgan moves more than a third of the gas consumed in the US.

We currently believe the city has sufficient flexibility to maintain adequate budgetary performance in the near term despite elevated fixed costs at 14% of the total governmental funds budget. Jacksonville has maintained positive operating results in its general fund since 2014 as revenue growth has outpaced expenditure growth.

The global transition to lower-carbon energy sources poses a credit risk to 96% of the oil and gas companies that Ratings covers. This category encompasses a company's carbon emissions and its efforts to minimize emissions and develop lower-carbon products, as well as the existential risk that oil and gas companies find their products severely restricted or outlawed, Ratings said Nov. 23.

In the second quarter, Gazprom Neft boosted hydrocarbons production to 24.37 million mt of oil equivalent, or about 1.98 million b/d of oil equivalent, up 1.87% on the year and 1.2% higher on the quarter mainly due to the easing of OPEC+ cuts.

London — Saudi Arabia's attempt to negotiate a global pact with Russia to rescue oil prices from the coronavirus crisis will come to a head Thursday, when ministers from OPEC and other key countries log on to a high stakes online summit to settle geopolitical scores and parcel out production cuts.

Different economies may use natural gas for different purposes as they work to control their carbon emissions, yet the viability of natural gas during the transition into a low-carbon world hinges on the industry’s ability to uphold its net-zero targets. Oil and gas companies have endured mounting pressure to clean up their value chains and take meaningful action to reduce their sizable emissions.

Russia's 2020 budget is based on an oil price of $42/b, officials said previously. Novak said he currently only expects oil services providers, who have been hit hard by Russia's significant oil production cut under the OPEC+ agreement, to require state support.

The sustainability world has grappled for years with how to feed the growing appetite for ESG disclosure among investors, rating agencies and other stakeholders. Critics of the sustainability movement contend the lack of definition around ESG leaves room for green-washing.

London — The crude market enters the second quarter of 2020 in the midst of its sharpest-ever drop in demand, as the coronavirus pandemic has forced most of the world to go into lockdown, dramatically reducing requirements for refined products, particularly gasoline and jet.

"In times of weak refining margins, many Asian refiners would be more concerned about staying afloat by seeking the cheapest crude they can process," said Lim Jit Yang, advisor for Asian oil markets at S&P Global Platts Analytics. "However, the demand for low-carbon crude is expected to increase over time as companies seek to reduce their carbon footprint, which will likely to be a norm in the future."

For the month until March 13, 2020, the S&P 500 was down 8.13%, on a total return basis, while the S&P U.S Investment Grade Corporate Bond Index and S&P U.S. High Yield Corporate Bond Index returned -4.76% and -8.0%, respectively. Much of the return story can be found within the industry sectors of the underlying indices.

S&P Global Ratings' ESG Evaluation, which is not a rating and is distinct from any piece of its ratings criteria, reflects a burgeoning question in the investment community: how are environmental, social, and governance (ESG) factors captured in decision making and how do they affect an entity's capacity to operate successfully in the future? And, importantly, how could ESG factors potentially lead to a material direct or indirect financial impact on the entity?

Moscow — Under the newly reached five-year transit agreement, Ukraine will transit 65 Bcm of Russian gas to Europe in 2020 and 40 Bcm/year in 2021-2024, Gazprom CEO Alexei Miller said Saturday.

Cybersecurity is solidifying as a top governance concern within environmental, social, and governance (ESG) considerations as cyberattacks increase in frequency and severity—alongside the financial losses and disruptions that can follow in their wake. The cyberattack on Colonial Pipeline, a main artery of the U.S. fuel supply, is the most recent incident that has raised questions over whether industries are adequately prepared to mitigate risk and safeguard vulnerabilities.

Analysts believe that the world’s most-emitting economy could still change course. "China may pull out a wild card" with additional details on how it will shift to clean energy to achieve its net-zero target, potentially after President Xi meets with U.S. President Joe Biden next month, Yoshihiro Fujii, an executive of the Research Institute for Environmental Finance, told S&P Global Market Intelligence.

We believe ESG credit factors at Bank of America Corp. (BAC) are broadly in line with those of industry and U.S. peers. We consider governance factors, and to a lesser extent social ones, more relevant than environmental risks.

Houston — The US oil and gas rig count fell 22 to 813 on the week, rig data provider Enverus said Thursday, as domestic upstream operators deepened their 2020 budget and activity pullbacks in response to low crude prices and sharply reduced oil demand.

The rating on Emeco Holdings Ltd. principally reflects the company's small size globally, capital-intensive operations, and narrow focus on heavy earthmoving mining equipment rental services. Further, Emeco's cash flows can be highly volatile given its exposure to commodity cycles and limited contractual protections.

S&P Global Ratings is in the final stages of testing its new Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Evaluation analytic approach. Our proposed analysis for an ESG Evaluation is both quantitative and qualitative.

February 28, 2021. Copyright © 2021 S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC.

London — Russian gas sales on Gazprom Export's Electronic Sales Platform (ESP) have soared since the start of 2020, with more gas sold across the five auctions held so far this month than in the whole of December.

Natural gas producers are partnering with data companies to reduce emissions amid growing pressure to decarbonize supplies. This episode features interviews with Chris Romer, the co-founder and CEO of Project Canary, and Andrew Baxter, the Environmental Defense Fund's director of energy strategy.

CPC is a light sweet crude sourced from Russia and Kazakhstan -- both members of the OPEC+ grouping. The route accounts for over two-thirds of Kazakh oil exports, and ships from fields in the Caspian to the Russian Black Sea port of Novorossiisk.

China's pledge to zero out its emissions of carbon dioxide could cut the expected rise in global temperatures this century by up to 11%, the largest single reduction ever estimated by the Climate Action Tracker, which monitors progress under the Paris Agreement on climate change. President Xi Jinping of China told the United Nations Sept. 22 that his country aims to halt the rise in its carbon emissions before 2030 and to become carbon-neutral by 2060.

Ultimately, the possibility of having insufficient resources to meet debt obligations is central to our credit analysis. Management's ability to manage its cash flow and identify potential issues, internal or external, is essential to ensure full and timely payment of debt service.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. Wall Street is anticipating a victory for U.S. presidential candidate Joe Biden and a “blue wave” of Democratic wins in the House and Senate elections, despite the idea that such an outcome could result in a perceived negative for business: an increase in the U.S. corporate tax rate.

London — A resurgent Iran pumped its largest volume of crude in almost two years in April, while an increasingly compliance-challenged Russia also boosted its output yet again, bringing total production by OPEC and its allies to a three-month high, according to the latest S&P Global Platts survey.

Modifying gas pipelines and midstream infrastructure to carry biofuels and low-carbon hydrogen is one area that has generated concern among climate activists, Bordoff noted. While many energy system researchers believe low-carbon hydrogen will complement renewable electric power, environmentalists often argue that hydrogen will prolong fossil fuel use.

Most Gulf countries, who are members of OPEC+, will see their breakeven oil prices ease in 2021, according to the International Monetary Fund and Institute of International Finance. Kuwait, Saudi Arabia and the UAE are members of OPEC, while Oman is part of the broader OPEC+ alliance.

As the leading independent index provider, S&P Dow Jones Indices offers a full array of indices to meet any investment strategy. Increasingly, investors are making ESG factors a bigger part of those strategies.

The fiscal challenge for emerging EMEA sovereigns over the next three years is considerably greater than during the years after the global financial crisis. In the region, lower growth lead to a widening of fiscal deficits from an estimated 1.7% of GDP average in 2019 to 7.3% of GDP last year.

At the forefront of this transition, NextEra Energy Inc.'s competitive generation division NextEra Energy Resources LLC added more than 5,800 MW of wind, solar and energy storage capacity to its backlog in 2019. NextEra Chairman, President and CEO Jim Robo said the company anticipates the new wind capacity will be in the $20/MWh to $30/MWh range while new solar will be between $30/MWh and $40/MWh.

London — The global zinc surplus is likely to shrink in 2021 as demand growth outpaces any increase in production, according to Russian copper and zinc producer UGMK.

Traditionally, under corporate law, the fiduciary duty of a corporation is to act in the best interest of its shareholders, rather than serving its own interests. Loyalty and prudence are recognized as the most important duties, ensuring that fiduciaries act in good faith, avoiding conflicts of interest, and acting with due diligence.

US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo had spoken to Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman on Wednesday. Pompeo "stressed that as a leader of the G20 and an important energy leader, Saudi Arabia has a real opportunity to rise to the occasion and reassure global energy and financial markets when the world faces serious economic uncertainty," the US State Department said.

Power prices rallied to record highs over the weekend through today as demand pushed electricity markets up and incited market volatility. Energy prices skyrocketed in Texas, which is suffering most from the situation, resulting in the Electric Reliability Council of Texas, which operators the energy grid for most of the state, to cap prices at $9,000/MWh on Feb. 16.

According to the EPA, Scope 3 emissions come from assets not owned or controlled by a reporting company but are still connected to the organization's value chain. Scope 1 emissions are direct greenhouse gas emissions from sources controlled or owned by the company, and Scope 2 emissions are indirect greenhouse gas emissions tied to the company's purchase of electricity, steam, heat or cooling.

OPEC earlier in the afternoon had agreed with Russia and nine other allies on the framework of a deal to deepen their 1.2 million b/d production cut accord by 500,000 b/d through the first quarter of 2020 to avert an oil price slump in the low-demand months ahead.

But US oil sanctions on Venezuela will soon be a year old and US refiners have moved on, importing their last Venezuelan barrel in May, according to the US Energy Information Administration. Yet Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro remains in power.

The world’s largest economy contracted by an annualized 32.9% in the second quarter, or a 9.5% quarter-over-quarter decline—marking the sharpest U.S. GDP decline in history. Although the U.S. Department of Commerce’s latest estimate crystalizes just how deep the coronavirus-caused downturn has been, economists expected the backward-looking data to be devastating.

Politicians have told populations not to panic. Energy suppliers have been burned by their inability to absorb the exponentially higher energy bills, and producers of steel and other commodities are curbing their operations.

BHP Group and Rio Tinto continued to dominate the list of top metals and mining companies by market capitalization in September, as the sector collectively lost value against a strengthening U.S. dollar and reports of numerous environmental, social and governance issues. The 25 largest companies in the space held a total market cap of US$817.07 billion as of Sept. 30.

Rapid business expansion in retail challenges securities firms' risk management. Expansion into retail brokerage should decrease customer concentration and reliance on key institutional clients for independent securities firms, thus significantly diversifying risks and providing more stable flows of fee income, especially in the volatile market.

We believe that companies that share additional data points will be better positioned to guide corporate strategies, while benefitting from the breadth and depth of S&P Global's reach in capital and commodity markets. It will also help keep companies on the radar screens of asset managers looking to allocate capital to companies with superior ESG performance.

London — Talks between OPEC and its allies have bogged down over quota compliance, holding up an apparent deal to extend the coalition's landmark 9.7 million b/d production cut agreement beyond June for a month to juice the oil market's recovery from the coronavirus pandemic.

Dubai — Iraq on June 7 reported its May crude oil production was 4.213 million b/d, well above its OPEC+ quota, one day after it agreed to improve its compliance with historic output cuts.

Cash basis at South Texas natural gas hubs is at significant premiums to year-ago levels in July as strong export demand from Mexico and lower production from the Eagle Ford help to buoy the market. At key trading locations in South Texas, including Tennessee Zone 0, NGPL South Texas and Texas Eastern STX, basis prices are up about 7 to 8 cents this month to date, compared to the same three-week period last July, S&P Global Platts data shows.

Indian importers have also been diversifying supply sources whenever shipments from key suppliers in the Middle East are disrupted, or become costly due to competition from China. The world's second largest LPG buyer have taken cargoes from the US, North Sea, West Africa and the Mediterranean in recent years to secure supply of the politically sensitive domestic fuel.

Russia is yet to announce its position on the recommendation by the OPEC+ technical committee, with Russian energy minister Alexander Novak on Wednesday meeting with Russian oil producers ahead of the next OPEC, non-OPEC meeting in an effort to determine Russia's stance.

It appears that environmental, social, and governance (ESG) investing is “all the rage”—not only in the Asia Pacific region but all around the world. At S&P DJI, we have spent a lot of time and effort thinking through how best to construct indices that consider ESG values.

New pipelines linking the country with Asia and growth in gas condensate means Russia is also well-placed to compete with Saudi Arabia for market share.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. On Monday, markets started the day up on the news that Joe Biden had won the presidential race, before jumping to more substantial gains on reports that Pfizer and BioNTech have a vaccine that has proven in late-stage clinical trials to be more than 90% effective at preventing COVID-19.

As a result, S&P Global Platts Analytics assumes global oil supply will rise by 3.2 million b/d in 2021, while "the call on Saudi and Russian crude rises to 10 million-10.5 million b/d by year-end."

In Canada, the telecom sector is facing a new frontier due to M&A deal-making. In the U.S., extra cash on balance sheets, low interest rates, and efforts to reposition for a post-pandemic world have driven a frenzy of private equity-sponsored M&A deals, totaling 341, in the first half of this year.

Based in Normandy, France, IMV Technologies specializes in the design, manufacture, distribution and service of equipment and supplies used in animal reproduction and clinical imaging, while its Life Sciences division features products used in human medical research and assisted reproduction. With operations in France, Brazil, China, India, the Netherlands, Russia, South Africa, the U.K. and the U.S. and a network of distributors across more than 120 countries, the company generates more than 85% of its revenue internationally.

Houston — Front-month ICE Brent flirted with approaching $40/b on a bullish day for crude oil as optimism picked up that the OPEC+ group would decide to extend its deeper production cuts at least through July.

This is the third blog in a four-part series on ESG and Credit Risk Analysis In the first blog, we discussed how environmental, social, and governance (ESG) factors are becoming important considerations when assessing the credit risk of different industries and companies around the world. We followed this with a second blog that took a closer look at the governance component, and how S&P Global Market Intelligence incorporates this in its proprietary Credit Assessment Scorecards (“Scorecards”).

Some 110 leaders accounting for more than 86% of the world's forests have committed to halt and reverse forest loss and land degradation by 2030, UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson said at the UN's Climate Conference of the Parties in Glasgow Nov. 2.

In this special Climate Week episode of ESG Insider, an S&P Global podcast about environmental, social and governance issues, we talk to Walmart's chief sustainability officer, Kathleen McLaughlin. She says the company is making significant strides toward the goals of Project Gigaton, its initiative to eliminate 1 billion metric tons of greenhouse gases by 2030.

The Federal Reserve announced on Tuesday that the emergency lending procedures it put in place to shore up the U.S. economy at the start of the crisis would continue through the end of the year. The Fed wrote that such lending “provided a critical backstop, stabilizing and substantially improving market functioning and enhancing the flow of credit to households, businesses, and state and local governments.”
This week the U.S. dollar fell to a two-year low against the euro as concerns about Fed policies around quantitative easing and near-zero interest rates raise worries about inflation.

Analysts anticipate the major U.S. pure-play shale gas producers will report increased free cash flows for the first quarter of 2021, reaping the benefits of higher winter gas prices after they kept their spending low and stuck to maintenance drilling plans with little growth in natural gas volumes.

S&P Global Platts Analytics expects that an agreement could result in sanctions relief by September—boosting Iran’s crude and condensate exports to 1.5 million barrels per day by December, from 600,000 barrels per day in May. The country produced 2.43 million barrels per day of crude in May, marking a notable increase from the 1.98 million barrels per day seen in July 2020 but from from a pre-sanction high of 3.83 million in May 2018, according to a recent S&P Global Platts OPEC+ survey.

London — Austria's OMV said Thursday it plans to walk away from the regulated gas transport business in Austria through the sale of its 51% stake in gas grid operator Gas Connect Austria.

There can be no doubt that the cycle of significant climate events is increasing and that emissions of CO2 or greenhouse gases (GHGs) are rising at alarming rates. However, in a world where over 1 billion people still lack access to simple electricity and many more still live in poverty, the dual challenge of providing affordable clean energy and tackling the impacts of climate change remains complex.

London — The European Parliament has again called for the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline project to be halted, this time in light of the arrest in Moscow of Russian opposition politician Alexei Navalny.

The S&P/BNY Mellon Depositary Receipt indices were originally created and published by The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (“BNY Mellon”) under a different name with S&P Dow Jones Indices serving as calculation agent. Effective April 1, 2019, S&P Dow Jones Indices has acquired the ownership rights to these indices and now calculates, administrates, and distributes them.

And in any case, imposing sanctions against the Russian gas sector once Nord Stream 2 is operational would hurt Europe too, in the midst of the record high gas prices.

"The development of low-carbon LNG will contribute to meet the growth in global energy demand whilst reducing the carbon intensity of the energy products consumed," Breuillac said. "Reducing its carbon footprint is essential for LNG to play its role fully in the energy transition."

We think that the pandemic will delay the nascent liberalization of the rail sector in most of Europe, and increase governments' role. The U.K. rail industry, which was based on franchises for passenger rail services, has been a model for liberalization in other European markets.

It said that by the start of the 2019/2020 gas storage withdrawal season, the maximum daily withdrawal rate was 843.3 million cu, a record for the domestic gas industry.

But rising freight costs on VLCCs are likely to put pressure on spot prices for crude barrels, as total procurement costs rise for buyers. The upward movement in freight may see buyers shun Middle East crude in favor of closer, and cheaper crude, thus pushing down demand and spot price differentials of Middle East crude.

In this edition, we take a close look at the U.S. banking industry’s third-quarter loan growth, which came to a year-over-year rate of 3.1%, excluding loans under the Paycheck Protection Program. Credit card loans rose 1.2% from a year ago, following five consecutive quarters of declines as consumer spending continued to accelerate.

1. Credit ratings provide a forward-looking opinion about creditworthiness, focused on an entity's capacity to meet its financial commitments when they become due. Here, we take ESG factors into consideration, alongside all other credit factors, when we consider they are relevant to and have or may have a material influence on creditworthiness.

"We're hearing a crescendo of voices calling for action on the climate, the phase-out of fossil fuel, and other sustainability goals … At the same time, we are also hearing a lot about near-term pressures needed to keep the lights on and the economy growing, and this is where the role of fossil fuels hasn't been very obvious,” S&P Global Platts Analytics' head of energy scenarios, policy and technology Roman Kramarchuk told S&P Global Platts. "There will clearly be tensions about how we get there [to the Paris Climate goals], particularly if there are perceptions that addressing long-term policy goals will complicate and make the here-and-now more expensive … The key questions are around the pace of change, new investments, the stranding of assets, around how quickly fossil fuels may be phased out and what roles they can continue to play under different outlooks."

The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommended pausing the use of Johnson & Johnson’s coronavirus vaccine across the country due to cases of rare blood clots in a few recipients. European countries will pivot to prioritizing the Pfizer vaccine after also halting the distribution of the J&J vaccine and stopping the rollout of the AstraZeneca vaccine due to a possible link between that jab and extraordinarily atypical blood clots that are sometimes fatal.

Speaking to reporters in Moscow, Novak said this was the volume that had been discussed at recent trilateral talks with Ukraine and the EU on future arrangements for Russian gas transit via Ukraine to Europe.

Under the OPEC+ deal, Russia pledged to cut around 230,000 b/d from its October 2018 output of 11.42 million b/d. But Russia's output has fluctuated significantly this year.

Institutional investors have increasingly been applying ESG criteria to their investment policies, with a view to reducing financial risk and providing better returns over the longer term. ESG-related funds have mushroomed, as has the issuance of green and social bonds, debt that finances environmentally friendly and socially aware projects.

We have also gone beyond the EU Low Carbon Benchmark requirements by aligning with the recommendations of the TCFD (Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures). We believe that the TCFD approach of breaking climate issues into transition risks, physical risks, and opportunities provides a holistic assessment.

As we reported in the previous PEMS issue, PE industry has shifted its view of ESG factors to a means through which it can add value, rather than simply a way to mitigate risk. [8] In the survey we explored this topic further by asking participants to define their core ESG strategy going into 2020.

Both the U.S. and the eurozone suffered their most debilitating post-World War II economic contractions in the second quarter. The U.S. is unlikely to rebound as quickly or meaningfully as its European counterparts due to its dramatically rising coronavirus case total.

China A-shares, meanwhile, have been notoriously volatile throughout their history, whereas the performance of the S&P China A BMI nearly mimicked its broader counterpart. Recently added into the S&P Emerging BMI at a 25% partial inclusion rate, China A-shares—which account for a 7.0% weight in the S&P Emerging BMI—helped mitigate the emerging market slide.

Through the second half of 2020, the U.S. government has mulled whether to use trade actions to limit foreign imports of phosphate fertilizer from Morocco and Russia, at the request of Mosaic. In August, the U.S. International Trade Commission concluded there was a "reasonable indication" that U.S. producers of phosphate fertilizer were "materially injured" by these imports, which are allegedly subsidized by the governments of the two nations and drag U.S. pricing downward.

There is some evidence that private equity involvement has a positive impact on the ESG profile of portfolio companies. S&P Global Trucost data, which assigns ESG scores to publicly listed companies, shows that between 2017 and 2020 the highest-scoring companies largely improved their ratings after private equity investment.

"With Nicholas shutting [refinery] runs in Texas and offshore platforms coming back, the sour [crude] balance in the USGC is now turning long and these Urals cargoes are no longer needed," another trader said.

Moreover, Trucost’s physical risk dataset is used to reduce the physical risks of climate change by understanding how a company’s assets are exposed to physical risks. This allows for a more holistic view on climate risk, wherein if the world does not transition, even companies that are aligned with a 1.5°C scenario will be exposed to physical risks, which this index aims to hedge.

“Climate change and biodiversity loss are interlinked, but solutions to reduce greenhouse gas emissions are unlikely to benefit biodiversity in the same way. Instead, biodiversity needs to be given equal consideration in any nature-based climate solution offering,” the S&P Global Ratings Sustainable Finance Scientific Council said in a recent report.

London — OPEC and its allies have overproduced their quotas by a cumulative 3.316 million b/d through the end of March, with Russia and Iraq the most egregious offenders, according to an internal document seen by S&P Global Platts.

Putin and Saudi Crown Prince note importance of joint efforts

We consider Texas to have higher environmental risk compared to others in the U.S. states sector. Environmental risks are primarily two-fold: energy transition and physical risks stemming from severe weather events and sea-level rise.

Japanese Prime Minster Shinzo Abe announced his resignation on Friday, Aug. 28—ending his tenure as the country’s longest-serving leader one year early due to worsening illness. The move comes as the coronavirus pandemic is yet to be controlled, economic conditions slump to historically low levels, and political uncertainty heightens.

According to a Prague-based gas trader, a big increase in the premium of Austria's CEGH April contract over its Dutch TTF equivalent during the past week was a sign market players feared a reduction of flows via the Velke entry point.

London — Russia's Magnitogorsk Iron & Steel Works (MMK) has stopped taking export orders for February and March hot-rolled coil production ahead of maintenance at one of its mills, several market sources told S&P Global Platts Wednesday.

US jumped to become the tenth biggest crude supplier to China in May, delivering 1.07 million mt of crude in the month. The volume surged 95.3% year on year despite China's total crude imports declining 14.6% from the same month of last year, GAC data showed.

Dubai — Saudi Aramco slashed pricing of its crude exports for April, including the biggest cut ever for Arab Light crude for Asia, after OPEC and key ally Russia failed to agree to a production cut, pushing global oil prices to their worst day in more than five years.

Vitrenko said Russian gas delivered to Ukraine by definition had to be cheaper because transportation costs are much lower and the more gas Gazprom delivers to Ukraine, the less gas will be delivered to Europe, reducing Ukraine's gas transit revenues.

The Biden Administration eased sanctions against Russian natural-gas giant Gazprom, which owns the 95% completed Nord Stream 2 pipeline, in the spirit of appeasing the U.S.’s Western allies like Germany that support the energy project. But the country’s sanctions aimed at "targeting aggressive and harmful activities by the Government of the Russian Federation” imposed on April 15 are still in effect.

More and more investors are integrating ESG risks into their investment process. Given the large size and specialized nature of real estate assets, the investment community has demanded sophisticated tools to more accurately identify real estate companies that own more sustainable properties and integrate this information seamlessly into their investment process.

"The extension of safeguard measures of the EU is the right and appropriate decision in light of the current challenges as the structural distortions of the global steel industry which are the U.S. steel tariffs and global overcapacity," Hans Jürgen Kerkhoff, head of the German steel industry association WV Stahl, told S&P Global Platts. "These continue despite economic recovery.

In this week's newsletter, we also dive into a new report by 451 Research into how 30 technology trends are playing out across each of the environmental, social and governance dimensions of ESG. And we examine transmission challenges associated with building offshore wind, as well as how the steel industry may need government support to decarbonize.

Christyan Malek, JP Morgan's head of oil and gas spoke to S&P Global Platts associate editorial director, Paul Hickin, about oil price risk, the evolution of the US shale sector, and the outcomes of Saudi Arabia's strategy to balance the global oil market.

Jeff Bezos, the billionaire founder of e-commerce behemoth Amazon, will step down as CEO in the third quarter of this year, after which he will serve as the executive chairman of the company’s board. Andy Jassy, the current CEO of the firm’s cloud computing business unit, Amazon Web Services, will succeed Mr. Bezos.

The U.S. Small Business Administration, which administered the now closed Paycheck Protection Program, has turned its attention to simplifying the loan forgiveness process. Meanwhile, banks, eager to recognize fee revenue, have prodded their borrowers to submit applications.

The ESG Insider newsletter compiles news and insights on environmental, social and governance developments driving change in business and investment decisions. Subscribe to ourESG Insider newsletter, and listen to the latest ESG Insider podcast on SoundCloud, Spotify andApple podcasts.

The assets funded in partially supported ABCP programs may have material exposure to ESG credit factors if they influence our liquidity-enhanced credit analysis. Support providers in ABCP conduits are typically highly rated financial institutions, and our assessment of their creditworthiness incorporates any material ESG credit factors.

Earlier Wednesday, Putin announced plans for wide-ranging constitutional reforms that would shift some powers away from the president to parliament and the prime minister. Putin's term of office expires in 2024.

Putin said Russia was prepared to discuss with its gas consuming partners any "additional" steps for future gas supply, adding Russia had already increased pipeline deliveries to Europe by 10% year on year in 2021.

A broad range of factors –from understanding the environmental impact of datacenters, to improving diversity and inclusion, to considering the ethical risks around artificial intelligence– will combine to impact the technology industry, and in turn will impact the way we consume technology in our everyday lives. The range of issues is broad, and are at different stages of maturity, but ESG will be of increasing importance to the technology segment through 2021 and beyond.

Russian Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Novak, his country's primary OPEC+ envoy, acknowledged the uncertainty in the global economy but said he is looking forward to a full oil market recovery in 2021.

Russia's 15% tax on ferrous and major base metals exports for Aug. 1- Dec. 31 will not be rolled over to 2022 in light of declining prices, Victor Evtukhov, Russia's Industry and Trade deputy minister, told journalists on the sidelines of a panel discussion held by Metalloinvest.

U.S. President Donald Trump is doubling down on his enthusiasm about the economy as the country continues to bear the biggest health burden of the coronavirus pandemic, entering the crucial homestretch until the presidential election on Nov. 3. “Biggest & Fastest Financial Recovery In History.

As a percentage of total ESG and non-ESG rating actions over April-November, ESG-related actions accounted for as much as three-quarters of actions on sovereign/international public finance entities and one-third of U.S. public finance actions. For corporate and infrastructure entities, ESG factors contributed to one in three rating actions; bear in mind that we only treat COVID-19 as an ESG factor if it has direct health and safety effects on an entity's activities, not as a result of the economic crisis.

Later Friday, Russian news agency RIA Novosti quoted Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Kozak as saying that Gazprom and Naftogaz would sign a five-year transit deal before the expiry of the current deal on January 1.

We consider Boeing, which derived about 70% of its revenue from commercial aerospace and 30% from defense prior to the MAX grounding, to have a greater exposure to social risks than other A&D companies due to the significant impact product safety can have on the company’s financial and competitive positions. The near-term impact of the 737 MAX grounding, following two airline crashes, has certainly been material.

The potential delay in Nord Stream 2 construction also undermines Russia's position in negotiating a new transit deal with Ukraine's Naftogaz. Ukraine transited some 87 Bcm of Russian gas to Europe in 2018 -- or some 44% of total Russian exports -- but those volumes are set to slump once the planned Nord Stream 2 and TurkStream gas pipelines come online.

"There remains an exceptional level of uncertainty regarding the near-term outlook for [oil] prices and product demand. There is the risk of more sustained consequences depending on the efforts of governments and the public and private sectors to manage the health, economic, and financial stability effects of the pandemic,” BP Plc CEO Bernard Looney said while announcing the company’s first-quarter earnings.

Globally, water stress will likely emerge as the most pressing climate risk to corporate assets, particularly for utilities and materials sectors, by 2050, according to S&P Global Sustainable1. In those 30 years, many areas across Europe and the most highly populated U.S. counties are expected to confront water stress as their biggest climate risk.

Environmental, social, and governance (ESG)-related regulation is set to rapidly evolve over the next few years, and will provide business opportunities, new regulatory requirements, and additional costs for banks in Russia, the Commonwealth of Independent States, Ukraine, and Georgia. Find out more in a report examining the growing influence of ESG factors for banks in this region.

Lacking domestic sources of primary energy, Japan is aiming to develop a comprehensive hydrogen system to diversify energy sources and reduce the burden on the environment among other goals . The Japanese New Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organisation is focused on test implementation of import chains of hydrogen to Japan.

Russia and Saudi Arabia have been deepening ties ever since forming a closer alliance as part of the OPEC+ production cut agreement that began in 2016. Saudi Arabia continues to carry the greater burden in each deal.

"We think that in addition to the 10 million b/d that OPEC+ will cut there will be another 5 million b/d cut by countries that are not included in OPEC+, so in total the cut in May and June will be 15 million b/d," Novak said.

Concerns about the transit of Russian oil through Belarus have risen since the end of 2019, as Belarus has so far failed to agree supply terms for crude in 2020 with Russia. Belarus claims that recent changes to taxation in Russia mean that Belarus is paying a premium for Russian crude, with the old supply terms no longer commercially viable.

Gas demand across Europe has been unseasonably weak in January due to warm weather, with the month also seeing a re-routing of Russian gas exports to Europe with the start-up of the TurkStream gas pipeline to Turkey replacing some flows via Ukraine.

The global equities market experienced unprecedented fast drawdown and recovery in 2020. Although the S&P ESG Global Macro Index’s performance was not as stunning as that of the S&P 500® in 2020, it outperformed a pure equity and static 60% equity/40% bond portfolio with a risk control mechanism.1 This blog reviews how the S&P ESG Global Macro Index’s dynamic asset allocation helped to achieve this outcome.

U.K.-based uranium purchaser Yellow Cake PLC elected March 15 to fully exercise its $100 million uranium purchase option for 2021 with JSC National Atomic Co. Kazatomprom and agreed to purchase another 440,000 pounds from the Kazakh uranium major. The move may prompt Kazatomprom, which is the largest uranium producer in the world, to purchase material on the spot market to fulfill outstanding contracts.

Vienna — Russian energy minister Alexander Novak will be the oil market's most watched man Friday, when he arrives in Vienna for talks with OPEC, with the power to endorse or scuttle a plan for deep production cuts to tackle the coronavirus impact.

Many investors and other stakeholders have been actively expressing the need for greater transparency on the ESG strategies of companies. Adding to this, the COVID-19 pandemic has further brought sustainability into the spotlight, raising awareness about the negative impact climate change and social justice issues are having on the world.

Timing of statements on social unrest remains a delicate dance for CEOs. Several business leaders spoke out even before the Jan. 6 riots occurred.

Following the merger, Rosbank set up a new branch, Rosbank Auto, that took over Rusfinance Bank's car loan business.

Can ESG benefits be gained? There were large improvements in both the S&P DJI ESG Score and carbon intensity1 at the index level, with the S&P 500 Equal Weight ESG Leaders Select Index relative to the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index achieving a stronger ESG profile and lower carbon footprint (see Exhibit 4).

Russia’s largest producer, Rosneft, announced discovery of a new oil and gas field, Novoogennoye, at its major Vostok Oil project – a cluster of resources in Northern Russia that will ship resources via the NSR. CEO Igor Sechin also said in mid-August that the company resumed drilling in the Arctic Kara Sea, its first reported activity in the area since Western sanctions forced suspension of a joint venture with ExxonMobil in 2016.

Our ESG Evaluation score of 83 on ING mainly reflects our belief that the bank is among the strongest players in the banking industry in terms of its ability to leverage its role as financier to influence society's transition to a more sustainable and low-carbon economy. The breadth and depth of ESG integration allows the bank to manage ESG risks and opportunities along the entire value chain.

The retail sector covers a wide variety of subsectors including apparel, footwear, big box, home improvement, and specialty retailers as well as department stores, discounters, restaurants, supermarkets, pharmacies, and convenience stores. Retail and restaurant entities derive most of their revenue from selling goods or services directly to individual consumers through stores, online, or catalogues—or a combination of these channels.

The U.S. Justice Department filed an antitrust lawsuit against Alphabet Inc.'s Google LLC on Oct. 20 alleging the company unlawfully maintained monopolies in the general search, search advertising, and general search text advertising markets through "anticompetitive and exclusionary practices.” The lawsuit, which was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, accuses Google of paying "billions of dollars each year" to device makers such as Apple Inc., LG Electronics Inc. and Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., as well as to major U.S. wireless carriers including AT&T Inc., T-Mobile U.S. Inc. and Verizon Communications Inc., to secure default status for its general search engine. Some of these agreements are exclusionary, according to the suit, and specifically prohibit these companies from dealing with Google's competitors.

We appreciate that the development of IFRS accounting standards can take several years and that this reflects the need to consult widely on complex topics. However, timelines for the development and application of sustainability reporting standards may need to be accelerated, so that investors, and companies can benefit from the intended standards for comparable, timely, and relevant disclosures on sustainability as soon as possible.

COVID-19 offers an opportunity for more integrated and transformative growth with a higher degree of standardization, stronger focus on the industry's social role, and meaningful adoption of financial technology (fintech).

The US and Germany have agreed to a number of measures to protect Ukraine's energy security and block any attempts by Russia to "use energy as a weapon" once the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline starts up, the State Department said July 21.

The embargo on Venezuelan crude oil, ongoing OPEC production cuts and the impacts of the International Maritime Organization’s overhaul of marine fuel sulfur regulations have created an unexpected opportunity in Gulf Coast refineries for exporters of Russian petroleum. It also presents a challenge for the Trump administration, which continues to threaten Rosneft with sanctions for its continued trade with PDVSA, Venezuela’s state-run oil company.

Global markets have rallied to record highs on the news of successful vaccine development and deployments. The stability of this positive momentum is dependent on the viability of the vaccine, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence.

"Private debt funds can also typically move a little faster than broadly syndicated markets with fewer points of contact, no syndication materials required, very little in the way of ratings involvement, and so on. In addition, pricing in the private debt markets has reduced significantly from the pricing levels seen in 2012, for example, owing to a low-interest rate environment and the availability of significant dry powder.

Following unprecedented tax demands from the Russian government in the early 2000s, Yukos was declared bankrupt in 2006, and its assets sold off. Former Yukos shareholders say this amounted to an illegal dismantling and expropriation of the company.

After roughly three months of searching for a running mate and approximately the same amount of time until the U.S. presidential election, candidate Joe Biden named Kamala Harris, the first-term Democratic Senator from California and his previous rival for the party’s nomination, as his vice-presidential pick. “She’s smart, she's tough, she's experienced, she's a proven fighter for the backbone of this country, the middle class, for all those who are struggling to get into the middle class.

The steel tariffs specifically have also accomplished another Biden priority, which is confronting planet-warming carbon dioxide emissions. Steel production in China is more carbon-intensive than U.S. output.

ENI, a stake holder in the gas development, is reviewing projects with ADNOC

Historically, a devaluation of the ruble has a cost-cutting effect on commodities production in Russia. For instance, the nation's second-largest gold miner Polymetal gains $15 million-$17 more EBITDA with every extra ruble per dollar.

London — Russian gas flows to China via the Power of Siberia pipeline continue at a steady rate, a spokesperson for state-controlled Gazprom said Tuesday, despite an outbreak of coronavirus at the field that supplies the gas.

Russia's Lukoil would be "happy" to return to talks on its Iranian oil projects, which were at an advanced stage, once US sanctions on the Middle Eastern country are lifted, CEO Vagit Alekperov said June 3. Receive daily email alerts, subscriber notes & personalize your experience.

Riyadh — Saudi energy minister Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman on Tuesday said he has confidence in OPEC+ and Russia, which is leading the non-OPEC members in the alliance, as Moscow is positively engaged in discussions despite differences between the two oil producers over further output cuts.

Electricity is the main cost component of green hydrogen production. In Europe, hydrogen is planned to be produced using carbon-free wind and solar power as the continent has large respective capacities.

In 2020, the 21st rebalancing of the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSJ) occurred; however, this is the first time it has taken place solely under the umbrella of S&P Global (after S&P Global’s acquisition of RobecoSAM’s ESG Ratings business in January 2020). It also marked a new step forward toward greater transparency and insight, as S&P Global announced to companies that they would be receiving a new level of granularity in their results—scores on up to 120 individual questions and metrics in the Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA).

Oil prices plunged this week amid weakened demand from the coronavirus outbreak coupled with an increase in supply after Russia and Saudi Arabia failed to agree on proposed supply cuts. President Donald Trump reportedly is considering some sort of federal assistance to affected U.S. shale producers, some of which may face bankruptcy if the low prices persist.

For software and services, privacy and data security concerns are key since many technology companies collect, manage, and monetize sensitive information for corporations and individuals that are at risk of misuse. The hardware and semiconductor subsectors are more exposed to social risk like criticism over labor management, such as poor working conditions and lax occupational safety standards, particularly in Asia.

However, Russian crude exports are poised to dip in February as it directs more of its oil to domestic refineries to address soaring gasoline prices ahead of its driving season, along with tepid European demand for its crude.

A severe housing shortage in some of Germany's largest cities is having a damaging social impact, rapidly driving up home prices and rents in recent years. On the environmental side, a government-subsidized housing modernization program aimed at reducing the country's CO2 emissions put Germany among the world's leaders in tackling climate change.

Our rating analysis considers a transaction's potential exposure to ESG credit factors. For RMBS, we view the exposure to environmental credit factors as average, social credit factors as above average, and governance credit factors as below average (see "ESG Industry Report Card: Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities," published March 31, 2021).

S&P Global Ratings has started to include environmental, social, and governance (ESG) sections within its issuer credit rating reports on corporate entities. This coincides with the publication of the UN Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI)'s third instalment of the "Shifting Perceptions: ESG, Credit Risk And Ratings" report series, which recommends that credit rating agencies (CRAs) explicitly signpost credit-relevant ESG risks and opportunities in rating reports.

This weak demand, combined with sky-high gas stocks across Europe in 2020, is partly responsible for the low Russian deliveries, while landmark changes to flows via Ukraine have altered the way gas reaches central, eastern and southeastern Europe.

CONTRIBUTORS
Julia Kochetygova
Senior Director
Global Equities & Strategy
julia.kochetygova@spdji.com
Utkarsh Agrawal
Index Research & Design
utkarsh.agrawal@spdji.com
Rikkert Scholten
Robeco
r.scholten@robeco.nl
Johan Duyvesteyn
Senior Researcher
Investment Department
Robeco
j.duyvesteyn@robeco.nl
Vishal Arora
Director
Fixed Income Research & Design
vishal.arora@spdji.com
Guido Giese
Head of Indices
RobecoSAM
guido.giese@robecosam.com
April 2015
Integrating ESG into Sovereign Bond Portfolios SUMMARY
 Market-value-weighted portfolios give more weight to riskier issuers, e.g., those that issue more debt.  Environmental, social, and governance (ESG) weighting is an alternative way to construct a portfolio that looks at the sustainability of a country with a view focused on the long term.

On the latest episode of Fixed Income in 15, our host Joe Cass is joined by S&P Global’s President & CEO Doug Peterson and the Co-Founder of The Carlyle Group David Rubenstein. Doug and David discussed markets, diversity and the impact of ESG.

“With an average fiscal multiplier, the U.S. economy reaches its pre-pandemic GDP level by third-quarter 2021 in a $1 trillion stimulus scenario and by second-quarter 2021 with $1.5 trillion; without stimulus, GDP does not reach pre-pandemic levels until 2022 at earliest,” Beth Ann Bovino, Chief U.S. Economist at S&P Global Economics, said in a report earlier this month analyzing outcomes of three potential stimulus packages.

China's crude oil imports from Russia rose 17.7% year on year to 7.2 million mt or 1.76 million b/d in April, resulting in Russia overtaking Saudi Arabia to become the country's top supplier in the month, latest data from China's General Administration of Customs showed.

Challenges in decarbonization of Russia's oil and natural gas industry were discussed in a virtual low-carbon dialog organized by the Moscow School of Management's Skolkovo Energy Centre with the participation of global and regional heads of energy companies, as well as Russian policymakers.

Investors are engaging with the energy giant BP’s strategic shift to increase investment in renewables and bioenergy, to the tune of an annual $5 billion by 2030, alongside cutting oil and gas production 40%. Climate-focused investors pushed Chevron and ExxonMobil to, respectively, “substantially" reduce emissions that come indirectly from energy assets not owned or controlled in the medium- and long-term and approve two new board members that will take more aggressive climate action.

The social unrest further threatens South Africa’s recovery. The area in which the turmoil occurred is home to the major cities of Johannesburg, Durban, and Pretoria, and accounts for approximately half the country’s gross domestic product.

Essential Healthcare is a weekly collection of critical developments across the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, healthcare provider, healthcare technology and medical equipment industries that draws on exclusive analysis and value-added content from the Healthcare News team at S&P Global Market Intelligence. Subscribe now to get Essential Healthcare delivered to your inbox every week.

➤ BNP Paribas SA expects to lose up to 50% of clients in power generation because of its commitment to stop financing coal
➤ The bank will focus on deforestation in new biodiversity position paper
➤ BNP Paribas plans to phase out clients at risk of having stranded assets
S&P Global Market Intelligence spoke to the head of corporate social responsibility at one of France's largest banks, BNP Paribas. In the interview, Laurence Pessez outlined the bank's commitment to end relationships with customers that use coal to generate electricity and its increasing focus on biodiversity in a year marked by the coronavirus pandemic.

The share of Ukrainian corn imports into the EU as of Feb. 8 was 35.6% compared to 54.6% in 2019-20, the data showed. Typically, Ukraine is the largest supplier of corn into the EU, however, at this point it is Brazil with 34.6% share in EU's corn imports in the 2020-21 season so far.

Nord Stream 2 -- which has been criticized by the European Commission, the US and countries in eastern Europe for focusing too much European gas import capacity on one route and one source --- will double the Russia-Germany subsea gas export corridor to 110 Bcm/year.

"At that time, the OPEC+ agreement played a key role in stabilizing the oil market ... If investments in new fields and prospective oil production were stopped, the market would inevitably face a large-scale, critical deficit in the very near future.

New Delhi — Australia's wheat exports to the Southeast Asian market is likely to regain strength this year on improved output prospects, taking some market share from its major competitor — Ukraine — which is expected to see shrinking output on weather related issues, said Victoria Sinitsyna, grains analyst with S&P Global Platts Analytics.

Recently, there have been many articles published using market data to evaluate the impact of COVID-19 on corporate credit risk across different countries and industries. However, as countries are emerging from lockdown, stock markets around the globe are soaring back to pre-pandemic levels, betting on a quick economic recovery.

The oil price rally accelerated after US Energy Information Administration data showed US gasoline inventories plunged 13.62 million barrels to 243.47 million barrels during the week ended Feb. 26. It was the largest-ever one-week draw reported by EIA in records dating back to January 1992, and put inventories nearly 4% behind the five-year average.

Arctic LNG 2 is Novatek's second major LNG export facility after the 16.5 million mt/year Yamal LNG plant, which started up in 2017.

Produced in collaboration with GreenBiz, the 2021 assessment includes close to 30 corporate sustainability performance indicators derived from S&P Global Trucost environmental, climate and impact data intelligence, boosted for the first time with ESG data intelligence from S&P Global ESG Scores and its bedrock, the SAM Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA).

Create a carbon footprint benchmark from which to measure progress being made on the journey to net zero. Evaluate potential earnings at risk from transition costs associated with any government policies that could increase the price of carbon.

Nord Stream 2 is required to inform the Danish Energy Agency of its plans to lay the pipeline in Danish waters in advance.

Green bonds were flourishing and there was innovation in financial markets when it came to green investment, but the dominant role of the public sector was "still in play," said Carmen Reinhart, Vice President and World Bank Group Chief Economist at the World Bank.

President Trump’s future awaits him in the Senate. A two-thirds majority will be required from the upper chamber to convict him.

Washington is widely seen as playing catch-up to Brussels when it comes to regulation of Big Tech and antitrust enforcement. The European Commission is known to be preparing an aggressive package of legislation known as the the Digital Services Act intended to curtail the behavior of companies that control platforms considered indispensable to businesses and consumers.

"Political pressure on OPEC from oil consuming countries is nothing new, but has become particularly acute since oil prices reached multi-year highs in October," S&P Global Platts Analytics chief geopolitical advisor Paul Sheldon told S&P Global Platts. "An historically rare, price-related SPR release from the U.S. and others sets a new precedent OPEC+ may need to incorporate into future production decisions."

State-run ADNOC in the UAE, which has about a third of Aramco's production capability, approved in November a mammoth $122 billion capex program through to 2025 as Abu Dhabi pushes to raise capacity by about 25% to 5 million b/d. Although capex has been cut in Kuwait, its smaller state-run producer will still spend more per barrel on projects than Aramco.

A declaration signed by ministers at the OPEC+ meeting last week and seen by Platts reaffirmed that members would continue to consult on the oil market and preserved the advisory Joint Ministerial Monitoring Committee, but did not set any meeting dates. OPEC ministers, without their non-OPEC counterparts, are next scheduled to gather June 9 in Vienna.

It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Exposure to an asset class represented by an index is available through investable instruments based on that index.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. Despite positive real GDP numbers coming out of the U.S. and the Eurozone last week, benchmark equity indices had their worst week since March.

Corporate taxes dropped for consumer companies, among others, following the passage of the 2017 tax reforms championed by President Donald Trump. A Joe Biden presidency, meanwhile, promises to roll back many of the Trump tax cuts while keeping rates below where they sat under previous administrations.

The Middle East share was 93.7% in March compared with 90.5% a year earlier as crude imports from the UAE surged 71.8% year on year to 1.21 million b/d, further raising Japan's exposure to the region, preliminary data released Thursday by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry showed.

Hotels Worldwide Inc. (HWI) is a global hospitality company that is primarily a manager and franchisor of hotels owned by REITs and real estate investors. HWI also owns a select portfolio of hotels.

While there were many positive results coming out of the April 30, 2021, rebalance, one of the most encouraging signals was that small and mid caps are well on their way to improving their sustainability standing. This was evidenced by the fact that the S&P SmallCap 600 ESG Index and S&P MidCap 400 ESG Index achieved a significant boost in S&P DJI ESG Score improvement both in absolute terms—at the index level—and in their realized ESG score potential.

Some stakeholders say a centralized European database is the answer. "We are asking that the data, based on some common reporting standards, are reported to a central data register, to which anyone who is interested in the data could actually tap in and get this data in some kind of structured way," Denisa Avermaete, the European Banking Federation’s senior adviser for sustainable finance, tells us.

Replacing European gas imports with Russian gas that is already in Ukraine via backhauling is a cheaper option for Ukraine that will make gas trading more efficient.

“Despite a generally good track record so far, we continue to see construction and operating risks as high, including erosion of offshore wind installations, weather-related effects on wind developers’ internal return rate, and supply chain disruptions,” S&P Global Ratings said in a recent report. “The challenge is finding the right balance between allocating sufficient resources to achieve internal sustainable targets while accelerating growth.

OPEC+ participants are set to meet to discuss the current market situation and the agreement in Vienna at the end of next week.

President Vladimir Putin said Aug. 20 that Russia was ready to continue supplying gas to Europe via Ukraine after 2024, but that Moscow needed clarity on future European gas demand before agreeing to any new transit deal.

However, post-COP26, many felt an air of deflation. Alok Sharma, president of COP26, said: “We’re all well aware that, collectively, our climate ambition and action to date have fallen short on the promises made in [the Paris Agreement on climate change].”

It is unclear when these deliveries may resume and at what volumes. In December, Lukashenko said Russia had agreed in principle to supply 24-25 million mt of oil to Belarus in 2020.

As with any medicine, vaccines have safety risks like unexpected immune side effects. The known side effects of existing vaccines for other ailments are probably worth the risk for most populations, except possibly children, given the alternative of a COVID-19 infection.

Analysts with Raymond James & Associates Inc. in an Oct. 18 note also emphasized direct and indirect commodity price tailwinds. "Regarding indirect exposure, one reason we like the set-up for midstream is that it has more visibility into at least solid 2022 results — the volume story in 2022 isn't changing all that much alongside commodity price fluctuations, so there's limited downside should [West Texas Intermediate] prices retrace," the analysts said.

Mytilineos -- which holds a leading position in the Greek power and gas trading -- began importing Russian gas in 2017 and last year imported 0.6 Bcm under short-term contracts.

Within equities that have exposure to green revenue of greater than 1%, the equities with the highest exposure (Quintile 1) outperform those with the lowest (Quintile 5) by 2.62% on average annually.

In this publication, we examine the aggregate asset quality held by European CLOs, observed through key credit metrics and consolidated by S&P Global Ratings' CLO industry sectors. Specifically, this edition of sector average metrics for European CLO assets focuses on loans issued by 677 corporate issuers, which represents over 95% of the assets under management (AUM) held in reinvesting European CLOs rated by S&P Global Ratings as reported at March 31.

A good cyber-security stance is to maintain a strategy critical to reducing the chances that third parties will inadvertently be the trojan horse for cyber attacks. Public sector issuers must acknowledge where their third-party risk exposure is and identify which third parties are granted access to critical assets or sensitive data.

Full-year M&A activity in the U.S. insurance industry, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence’s forecast, is expected to slightly surpass last year’s total—creating the potential for prospective buyers and sellers to prioritize M&A in the sector as they respectively face challenges to top-line growth and needs to re-evaluate strategic priorities in light of current conditions. In the U.K.’s insurance market, the COVID-19 crisis has created a competitive environment with cost pressures that, combined with demands for technological innovation and economies of scale, has driven a surge of M&A activity, according to S&P Global Ratings.

Pittsburgh — US President Joe Biden met with a bipartisan group of lawmakers Feb. 11 to discuss the US need to invest in infrastructure, with Biden urging the two parties to come together to reach a long-sought deal to modernize and improve infrastructure in the US.

The S&P IPSA ESG Tilted Index is a modern sustainable benchmark. ESG indices created in the early days of the sustainable investing movement tended to be narrow, focusing on the best ESG companies or a single theme, such as clean energy.

New York City existed as the epicenter of the first wave of the country’s outbreak. Since March, it has reported more than 360,000 COVID-19 cases.

This investment management firm is a signatory to the UN-supported Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI). The firm evaluates the ESG stance of companies within its investment portfolios, reports on its findings, and offers a range of investment products that follow different ESG themes.

South Africa's first two SIBs launched in 2018: the 124.5 million rand Bonds4Jobs, or B4J, and the 7.5 million rand Impact Bond Innovation Fund, or IBIF. The three-year IBIF bond paid a coupon of 14%, while the two-tranche, short-term B4J bond paid 11% to commercial investors and up to 7.5% to so-called first loss investors.

Intensity-based targets measure the amount of emissions released into the atmosphere divided by net hydrocarbon production. A company could maintain or even increase oil and gas production and still hit its carbon intensity targets by adding low-carbon alternatives like solar and wind farms to its portfolio.

Cracks are starting to show in utility support for using natural gas as a bridge fuel to a low-carbon future. Some signs that the narrative is shifting include a recently canceled major gas pipeline project and a raft of utilities setting net-zero emissions targets amid changing customer preferences, new state mandates, and investor concerns that the recent glut of gas generation and pipeline investments could result in stranded assets.

Crude futures surged midday Thursday after US President Donald Trump tweeted that he had spoken by phone with Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who in turn called Russian President Vladimir Putin to heal their oil market rift.

We believe that Bayer needs to manage risks from its legacy products to maintain credit quality. In its pharma division, the company settled lawsuits in the U.S. on its best-selling drug Xarelto in 2019.

China launched its long-awaited carbon emissions trading system, starting with its power sector, on June 16 after the introduction of the system was postponed due to the country’s caution over how an unregulated carbon market could socioeconomically affect different provinces. First-day activity was frenzied and showed promise for the world’s largest voluntary carbon market.

The chief marketing officer and head of IR wanted to create a picture of what the bank was doing on the ESG front. To support this effort, they needed data on the bank’s environmental footprint, including having a measure of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and other pollutants arising from its operations.

Apparel Retailer Inc. (ARI) is a large apparel retailer operating stores nationwide. The company has a vast physical footprint consisting of over 100 million sq.

European imports of methanol from Russia have been halted due that country's ban on rail transit of methanol, among other "dangerous goods," ahead of and during UEFA EURO 2020 Championship matches in St. Petersburg, market sources said June 8.

Mass vaccination and lighter coronavirus restrictions have driven domestic gasoline and diesel demand in Russia beyond pre-pandemic levels already in early March, which allowed Russia to secure an easing of its production quota by 130,000 b/d for April.

While BHP will also sell its lower-quality coking coal mines, CEO Mike Henry reiterated to retail shareholders in an Oct. 7 webinar that the company believes demand will "remain for quite a while yet, particularly for higher quality coking coal."

MOL operates three refineries and two petrochemical crackers and is also involved in the upstream sector. The Hungarian oil and gas firm is targeting average output of 120,000 b/d of oil equivalent in 2020, compared to 111,000 boe/d last year.

As a result, imports of these products from Armenia were assigned a preliminary weighted-average dumping margin of 188.84%, while producers and exporters from Brazil were assigned preliminary dumping margins of 13.87%-63.05%, according to an April 28 decision notice. Imports of aluminum foil from Russia were assigned a preliminary weighted-average dumping margin of 62.18%, while Oman was assigned a preliminary dumping margin of 4.03%.

The Russian export quota of 17.5 million mt of wheat, barley and corn will be introduced starting from Feb. 15 until June 30. The export duty on wheat will enter into force at the same time as the quota.

We believe that digital transformation of Georgia's banking sector will entrench the positions of the two largest banks, TBC Bank and Bank of Georgia. These two banks control over 70% of systemwide assets, which allows them to outperform the majority of competitors; they each generated an average return on equity of 23% over 2015-2019, compared with 13% for smaller banks.

With the premium for very low sulfur fuel oil (VLSFO) over high sulfur fuel oil (HSFO), known as the Hi-5 spread, looking set to remain above $100/mt, the demand for exhaust gas cleaning systems, or scrubbers, has a bright outlook. This will boost HSFO's share of the oil-based bunker demand through 2030, S&P Global Platts Analytics forecasts.

A ministerial monitoring committee, co-chaired by Saudi energy minister Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman and Russian Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Novak, the country's primary OPEC+ envoy, will convene virtually at noon Vienna time (1100 GMT), followed by the full OPEC+ meeting at 3 pm (1400 GMT).

**Goldman said it expects oversupply in the European gas market to require a shut-in of US LNG exports, and ultimately a shut-in of Appalachia gas production, a trend that was already visible from the collapse in Chinese demand due to the coronavirus and slower gas demand.

China is expected to release its energy transition roadmap this month, after President Xi Jinping said in September that the country aims to reduce emissions to net-zero by 2060 and is on track to reach its current goal of peak carbon emissions by 2030 under the Paris Agreement. U.S. Special Presidential Envoy for Climate John Kerry said this week that the country will be able to compartmentalize geopolitical tensions with China in order to collaborate on their ambitious climate plans, according to S&P Global Platts.

In the early 2010s Rosneft signed strategic partnership agreements with Western majors including ExxonMobil, Eni, and Equinor (then Statoil). Plans included joint offshore exploration and production in the Arctic, as well as the Black Sea and the Sea of Okhotsk.

Rystad projects that three of the top 10 most expensive oil and gas projects planned for the next two years in the region are at risk of being halted -- Abu Dhabi National Oil Co, or ADNOC's Hail & Ghasha ultra-sour gas project, valued at $12.6 billion, Qatar's $2.5 billion sustainability of its natural gas giant North Field, and ADNOC's new shallow gas deposit on the Abu Dhabi-Dubai border with development estimated at $2 billion.

We placed nine oil and gas issuers on CreditWatch with negative implications in January after we revised our risk assessment for the oil and gas integrated, exploration, and production industry to moderately high risk from intermediate risk. Subsequently, the tally of oil and gas issuers we placed on CreditWatch with negative implications rose to 10 in January.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. While the coronavirus pandemic’s disruptions have done more in roughly nine months to reduce global emissions than the 2-degree Celsius pathway has in the five years since the Paris Agreement was signed, the determinant outcomes of its implications for the fight against climate change are yet to be seen.

Gazprom said the company had "retained its front-runner" position on the European market in 2019 -- taking a 36% market share -- despite an increase in LNG supplies to Europe.

Coronavirus cases in the U.S. and Europe climbed to record daily highs. Lockdowns have been reinstated in many European countries.

Investors are also turning to sustainable versions of popular broad-market equity indexes to gauge ESG performance and outcomes. S&P Dow Jones Indices’ S&P Europe 350 ESG Index is designed to measure the constituents that meet sustainability criteria from the headline S&P Europe 350, which tracks 16 major European markets and covers approximately 70% of the region’s market capitalization.

Like in Europe, we see as positive the flexibility of U.S. peers to decrease their capex to protect their liquidity during downturns. Long-term demand trends for the equipment rental industry in North America are generally positive due to relatively lower rental penetration rates in the U.S. compared with other developed markets.

Held virtually, the Summer Policy Summit continued dialogue on best practices for the industry's transition to cleaner energy sources and illustrated an increased focus on inclusion and diversity within the industry's workforce. Across a two-part session, "Rekindling a dynamic, diverse and resilient energy workforce," commissioners, consultants, and utility and energy industry executives shared insights and best practices for addressing bias and racial inequity in hiring practices and in the workplace.

Gazprom CEO Alexei Miller said that TurkStream and the existing Blue Stream gas link via the Black Sea combined meant "the road is now open for direct, transit-free deliveries of all Gazprom's gas which Turkey needs."

In the first blog of this series, we discussed how environmental, social, and governance (ESG) factors are gaining prominence within investment and risk management groups as more evidence shows that ESG factors can affect credit risk[1] and investment performance. [2] In this blog, we look specifically at the ‘G’ component, and describe how S&P Global Market Intelligence incorporates this in an analysis of credit risk, when using proprietary Credit Assessment Scorecards.

London — A second Russian pipelaying vessel is now headed for Danish waters to join the operation to lay the almost-complete Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline from Russia to Germany, the pipeline development company said March 31.

"The current parameters of the agreement fully meet Russia's interests from the point of view of the impact on the Russian economy and budget," Novak said at a governmental meeting earlier this month. "The heads of Russian oil companies fully support the parameters of the new deal and noted that the market today needs decisive measures to achieve balance."

Our key sustainability factors identify the most material environmental and social risks assessed in our ESG Evaluation. We assess the materiality of those risks across the metals and mining value chain and reflect them in the weighting of our environmental and social factors.

He sized up President Biden's climate policy progress so far, how oil and gas producers are responding to these pressures, whether carbon capture solutions are being oversold, and what rapid decarbonization could mean for the energy sector.

Trucost, its affiliates, or its and their third-party data providers and licensors (collectively â€œTrucost Partiesâ€) do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the Information. Trucost Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Information.

"ESG is something that many institutional investors inquire about as they explore digital assets, just as they ask about volatility and other considerations for this nascent asset class," a spokesperson for Fidelity Digital Assets Services, a subsidiary of Fidelity Investments and a provider of cryptocurrency custody and other services to institutional investors, told S&P Global Market Intelligence. "Today, a substantial portion of bitcoin mining is powered by renewable energy or energy that would otherwise be wasted (stranded gas) and miners are increasingly seeking more efficient and cleaner energy.”

Global coronavirus cases are climbing as sovereign debt piles higher and higher. Which problem is more important for countries to control?

Environmental risks for metals and mining companies are among the highest across all sectors. Main social tensions arise from fears of pollution, water usage conflicts, and economic/landscape impacts on nearby communities.

Consolidation will also be front and center, particularly after Plains All American Pipeline LP formed a joint venture with Stonepeak Infrastructure Partners portfolio company Oryx Midstream Holdings LLC. The venture, which will be known as Plains Oryx Permian Basin LLC, will include all of Oryx's Permian assets and a majority of Plains' assets within the basin, excluding the partnership's long-haul pipeline systems and selected intra-basin terminal assets.

This capability, which was launched by Trucost at the end of 2019, could help the company quickly assess asset- and company-level exposure to physical risks under low, moderate, and high future climate change scenarios. By geo-locating the company’s assets on climate change hazard maps, Trucost would be able to identify locations that were vulnerable to climate risks, such as wildfire and sea level rise.

OPEC pumped 27.99 million b/d of crude in February, with Saudi Arabia contributing 9.69 million b/d, according to the latest S&P Global Platts survey of OPEC output. Russia, the primary non-OPEC country in the OPEC+ alliance, produced 11.29 million b/d of crude and condensate in the month, according to official figures.

S&P Global’s Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA) asks questions about emerging risks, risk culture, and risk governance. This article analyzes companies reporting on emerging risks and shows how a strong risk culture can arm companies with useful tools to both identify and prepare for these events.

State agencies (as well as health care providers) increasingly acknowledge the role SDOH play in patients' health status and health care costs, particularly because SDOH disproportionately affect low-income individuals, many of whom are served by Medicaid. Recently, the Social Determinants Accelerator Act, bi-partisan federal legislation, was introduced to assist states and communities in coordinating programs that address social determinants, to improve the health and well-being of individuals participating in Medicaid.

We view environmental and social risk factors for PVH as broadly in line with industry peers'. We also consider investments related to sustainable operations a necessary cost for PVH to remain competitive as consumers are increasingly aware of their consumption-related environmental impact.

S&P Global Platts Analytics expects a framework deal including a possible sanctions waiver that allows Iran up to 500,000 barrels per day in oil sales to solidify by the end of May—followed by full sanctions relief by the end of September. If and when the sanctions are lifted, Iranian crude and condensate exports will likely climb from the 800,000 barrels per day seen last month to 1.4 million barrels per day this December, according to S&P Global Platts Analytics.

Next, it is necessary to assess the materiality of ESG risks each borrower is exposed to, directly and indirectly, using ESG Heat Maps. Material ESG risks are those that are likely to affect the financial condition or operating performance of a business.

Saudi Arabia, in particular, has been pushing for new cuts to combat the expected hit to global demand from the outbreak.

Qatar exported just 600 million cu m of natural gas equivalent to China in March, a drop of 42% on the month, while it shipped 893 million cu m to Japan, representing a 30% decrease since February. India welcomed the equivalent of 1.392 Bcm of natural gas from Qatar, although recent declarations of force majeure following the Indian government's decision to place the entire country into lockdown to combat coronavirus could see this dented in April.

In a recent webinar I moderated, Brie Williams of State Street Global Advisors joined me to discuss how environmental, social, and governance (ESG) data and investing are now at an important turning point. We ran out of time to answer all the questions we received, and this post follows “Why Now for ESG?” and answers two questions about how conversations on ESG can change and add value for an advisory or wealth management firm and to its clients.

BOSTON and NEW YORK, Apr. 19 2021 — Seamless Management of Climate Risk and Opportunity Service Offering Available to State Street Clients Totaling More Than US$40 Trillion in Assets
State Street (NYSE:STT) today announced a strategic engagement with S&P Global Trucost that brings together State Street’s newly announced ESG Risk Analytics and Reporting capabilities and Trucost’s highly regarded climate data and analytics.

South Korea's production of eco-friendly aviation fuel is poised to increase as the national flag carrier Korean Air actively partners with major local refiners for carbon-neutral jet fuel and sustainable aviation fuel to counter climate change, but hurdles remain before SAF sees a significant upsurge in Asia.

Economies are eyeing hydrogen as a bridge fuel to power their energy transitions from fossil fuel generation to renewable sources. While the majority of hydrogen currently in production is generated from fossil fuels—most commonly grey hydrogen made from natural gas—market participants are focusing their technological development largely on blue and green hydrogen, created from natural gas through carbon capture and renewable energy, to drive emissions-reduction efforts.

In early February, Russia's justice ministry registered a document stipulating higher sales of oil products on the exchange floor. Under the new rules, minimum gasoline volumes were raised to 11% of output and diesel volumes to 7.5%.

Concerns about transit of Russian oil through Belarus have risen since the end of 2019, as Belarus has so far failed to agree supply terms for crude in 2020 with Russia. Belarus claims that recent changes to taxation in Russia mean that Belarus is paying a premium for Russian crude, with the old supply terms no longer commercially viable.

In this edition, we take a close look at the midstream sector's forthcoming third-quarter earnings, which are expected to see strong gains assisted by rising commodity prices. According to analyst consensus, year-over-year growth in adjusted EBITDA and revenues should prevail for most of the 11 major North American midstream companies analyzed by S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. The world is battling a pandemic, but mounting debt may pose a longer-term risk for the global economy.

Late last summer, nearly 200 chief executives (S&P Global’s own CEO, Doug Peterson, included) put their signatures on a new statement of the purpose of a corporation,[1] one focused not only on shareholder value, but on value for all key stakeholders. The declaration emphasizes people—employees, customers, and communities—in which employers know they must invest to ensure long-term growth and success.

What's next? Japan's heating needs could allow South Korean refiners to increase kerosene exports to the country, providing some consolation in a year of thin margins and weak demand.

In European gas, Russian gas flows are set to be constrained again this week with the start of planned annual maintenance work on the key Nord Stream gas pipeline to Germany from Tuesday.

But despite the clock very much ticking for both sides to reach a deal, it was never likely that a material agreement would be reached in the Putin-Zelenskiy talks.

S&P Global Ratings recently downgraded several fossil fuel producers and increased its risk rating for the oil and gas industry, citing "concerns about the greenhouse gas emissions and the energy transition to renewable energy."

With the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic earlier this year, companies around the world have faced the gravest disruption in more than a generation, with a variety of sectors facing an existential threat amid a severe economic downturn--an uncertain prospect given the mixed signals on policy and challenges forecasting the spread of a novel disease. Even once the recovery is underway, there will be enduring and irreversible changes to the relationship between companies and their employees.

The CSA will form the foundation of S&P Global’s ESG research across its different divisions (S&P Dow Jones Indices, S&P Global Ratings, S&P Market Intelligence). The ESG methodology committee formed by representatives of S&P Global and RobecoSAM, will ensure consistency in the ESG vision and make sure that the CSA continues to address ESG with a focus on financially material criteria and that the resulting scores meet the requirements for a broad range of investment applications.

The preliminary ratings assigned to Benchmark 2021-B29 Mortgage Trust's commercial mortgage pass-through certificates reflect the credit support provided by the transaction's structure, our view of the underlying collateral's economics, the trustee-provided liquidity, the collateral pool's relative diversity, and our overall qualitative assessment of the transaction. S&P Global Ratings determined that the collateral pool has, on a weighted average basis, debt service coverage (DSC) of 2.22x and beginning and ending loan-to-value (LTV) ratios of 99.9% and 95.7%, respectively, based on our values.

Moscow — The new OPEC+ oil production deal will not cause prices to rise immediately but may see them climb steadily to $40-$45/b by the end of the year, Gazprom Neft CEO Alexander Dyukov said Tuesday.

Russian production data doesn't include a breakdown for crude and condensate, which is excluded from the OPEC + deal. Condensate usually accounts for around 8% of Russia 's overall output.

While the trade risks are high, which is limiting the number of Australian suppliers willing to work with Chinese buyers, Australian wheat is also gaining from China's upward support to global grain prices, as its efforts to replenish state reserves and meet growing demand from the rebuilding of its pig herd after an African swine fever outbreak shows no sign of slowing down.

New York — Crude futures tumbled roughly 30% on the open Sunday evening, following news that Saudi Aramco cut its Official Selling Prices for April delivery.

The ministry has its sights on coal in particular for about 40 billion rubles per annum, based on 2018 markets. It is also looking at gold, fertilizer and diamonds, despite objections from the ministries of Economic Development, Energy, and Industry and Trade, according to Kommersant's sources.

"Realistically, blue hydrogen is cheaper than green hydrogen, and as an oil and gas producer, we are very well-positioned to be very competitive when it comes to blue hydrogen—and it's coming in the next few years, while green hydrogen still needs more time," Yousif al-Ali, the U.A.E. energy ministry's assistant undersecretary for electricity, water, and future energy affairs, told S&P Global Platts in an interview.

Rostin Behnam, a commissioner at the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, talks to ESG Insider, an S&P Global podcast on environmental, social and governance issues, about a report released in September by a panel of nearly three dozen Wall Street, energy and sustainability executives and experts. In the report, the CFTC's Climate-Related Market Risk Subcommittee concluded that climate change poses a "major risk" to the stability of the American financial system and the broader economy.

Moscow — Russian energy minister Alexander Novak said Tuesday that Russia is still studying a recommendation by the OPEC+ technical committee last week on a response to the coronavirus.

The International Energy Agency (IEA) warned in its World Energy Outlook on Oct. 13 that supplies of certain key minerals such as lithium, cobalt, nickel, and graphite are inadequate to meet projected world demand under most scenarios for the energy transition. Already, price spikes of 5%-15% are expected this year for solar modules, wind turbines, electric car batteries, and power lines based on shortages of these materials.

A lack of clarity in the updated guidance over how U.S. companies should address investments sparked a sell-off of Chinese assets across Wall Street. In turn, buyers from around the world scooped up the discarded shares.

Platts is one of six secondary sources used by the OPEC+ coalition to track output. Platts has compiled OPEC member production data since 1988 and has now begun to survey production by the other participants in the OPEC+ agreement.

The pickup in the volume and number of sustainability-linked high-yield bonds issued so far in 2021 echoes the rise in European leveraged loans completed with ESG-linked margin ratchets over the last 18 months, although there are notable differences developing in terms of how sustainability pricing features are embraced across the two asset classes. The key differential is that on high-yield bonds, issuers face a coupon step-up if they miss their sustainability targets, whereas on leveraged loans, for the most part, both positive and negative margin-ratchets are available to issuers dependent on whether they hit or miss a number of key performance indicators, or KPIs.

Tehran — Iranian oil minister Bijan Zanganeh has urged Russia to boost ties with Tehran in the face of US sanctions and praised the country's role in helping to stabilize global crude oil markets through the OPEC+ coalition, the oil ministry news service Shana reported.

Negative now, but potentially back on track at some point in 2021. Although signs of a recovery have begun to take hold with the approval of vaccines and the stabilizing of certain revenues, many headwinds will continue to bear down on state credit stability in 2021.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. Big Tech has found itself the object of unwelcome scrutiny on both sides of the Atlantic.

Moscow — Russian President Vladimir Putin said Wednesday his country will continue to work with OPEC on stabilizing oil markets despite "minor disagreements."

Duke Energy plans an investor day with a specific focus on ESG in May.

Under the current OPEC+ agreement, Russia committed to cut around 230,000 b/d from its October 2018 crude and condensate output of 11.42 million b/d. Condensate output was previously an issue of friction between Qatar and its former partners within OPEC before the gas-rich Gulf sheikhdom decided to leave the cartel.

In this week's newsletter, we examine how climate change and the clean energy transition were key themes discussed at CERAWeek, one of the year's biggest oil and gas sector-focused events. Kerry at the event observed that not all oil and gas companies are embracing the shift away from carbon-intensive products, which he said could lead to some companies "sitting there with a lot of stranded assets" in the future.

Activity in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, and Peru was stronger than anticipated in the fourth quarter of 2020, spurred by continued resilience across manufacturing and commodities industries, and S&P Global Ratings expects a pickup in growth in the second quarter despite a slower start to this year. In addition, S&P Global Platts Analytics projects global oil demand will reach 102.6 million barrels per day by the fourth quarter—marking the highest level since the same period in 2019, when demand averaged 103.9 million barrels per day.

London — In a sudden change of heart after intervention by US President Donald Trump, Saudi Arabia on Thursday called for an "urgent meeting" of the OPEC+ alliance and other producers to negotiate a deal on output cuts that could stem the coronavirus-induced freefall in oil prices.

The Financial Stability Board established the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) to develop recommendations for more effective management of climate change risks in financial markets. TCFD advises the use of scenario analysis to assess climate risks, and asks banks to voluntarily reveal the results in annual filings, along with the metrics and processes used to conduct the analysis.

Reinsurers have increased their efforts to incorporate climate change in their decision-making process, particularly in risk management, exposure management, and pricing. However, this is still nascent across the industry, and many companies are facing difficulties in implementing climate change considerations robustly.

Al-Attiyah was referring to the time when former Saudi oil minister Zaki Yamani, under pressure from the kingdom’s late ruler King Fahd, launched the OPEC cartel into a price war with ascendant North Sea producers. The strategy saw crude fall to $10/b and Yamani losing his job.

From an ESG perspective, the S&P/B3 Brazil ESG Index was able to improve its ESG score relative to that of the S&P Brazil BMI. During its most recent rebalance, the overall ESG score of the S&P/B3 Brazil ESG Index increased from 47.9 to 57.7, an improvement of 9.8 points; considering that the maximum attainable ESG score of any strategy using the S&P Brazil BMI is 95.9, the ESG realized potential was 20.4%.

Masmovil is Spain's fourth-largest telecom operator, providing fixed and mobile voice and internet services to business and retail customers. Over the last 10 years, the group has managed to significantly expand its network coverage, size, and service offering, mainly through acquisitions, maintaining a sustained expansion strategy.

We view Equifax as being more exposed to governance risk factors than its peers, but assess management and governance as fair, reflecting several actioned remediation efforts. Given the private and sensitive nature of the information they handle, credit bureaus such as Equifax are highly exposed to governance risks surrounding the protection of confidential data.

Russian banks have restructured 10% of their loan portfolios since the start of the pandemic. Up to a third of the restructured loans, equivalent to between 2% and 3% of the total loan portfolio, could become problem loans, forcing banks to set aside additional loan loss provisions.

In this ninth edition of S&P Global Ratings' empirical study of European defaulted corporate debt instruments, S&P Global Ratings looks at the recovery performance of 1,354 instruments over a 16-year period from 2003 to 2019. S&P Global Ratings sees this as a useful benchmark, especially as S&P Global Ratings' default rate assumptions for 2020 have risen to double digits, increasing focus on the expected recovery rates.

Start every business day with our analyses of the most pressing developments affecting markets today, alongside a curated selection of our latest and most important insights on the global economy. As market conditions evolve and prices increase, the global steel industry is prioritizing decarbonization as the pathway forward.

For the broader statistics of COVID-19 and oil-related downgrades, see ""COVID-19 Activity In U.S. Public Finance,"" published Feb. 8, 2021, ""COVID-19- And Oil Price-Related Public Rating Actions On Corporations, Sovereigns, International Public Finance, And Project Finance To Date,"" published Feb. 9, 2021, and ""COVID-19 Activity In Global Structured Finance As Of Dec. 11, 2020,"" published Dec. 18, 2020.

"The results of drilling carried out by Rosneft in the Kara Sea have shown the high oil and gas content of these structures, which confirms the discovery of a new Kara offshore oil province. In terms of resources, it may surpass such oil and gas provinces as the Gulf of Mexico, Brazil's offshore, the Alaskan and Canadian Arctic offshore, as well as the largest provinces in the Middle East," Rosneft said.

With 10.2 million cases of coronavirus confirmed and more than 500,000 reported deaths worldwide, according to Johns Hopkins University, the pandemic has reached a solemn milestone. The contagion is far from contained.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. One day after Japan’s first new prime minister in nearly eight years was elected, the Bank of Japan changed its outlook for the world’s third-largest national economy, while keeping monetary policy unchanged.

For June-loading cargoes, Surgutneftegaz offered eight cargoes which were sold at premiums of $2.20/b-$2.50/b to traders and oil majors such as Gunvor, Shell, Vitol and Mercuria.

EQT has had an active last year of M&A activity, most recently acquiring gas producer Alta Resources. The Alta acquisition added around 300,000 acres of Marcellus production to EQT's portfolio, 300 miles of midstream gathering systems, and around 1 Bcf/d of dry gas production.

(Editor's Note: This article is co-authored by Minh Hoang, Director, S&P Global Ratings, and Paul Bartholomew, Asia-Pacific Head of Metals News & Insight, S&P Global Platts. The article is based on a webinar, "The Growing Importance Of ESG In The Commodities Space," held on July 3, 2020.)

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. After making landfall in southeastern Mexico on Wednesday and weakening from a Category 3 to a Category 1 storm, Hurricane Delta is expected by meteorologists to regain strength again in the next two days as it crosses the Gulf of Mexico and hits Louisiana by Friday.

Roughly since the US blocked imports of Venezuelan crude in January 2019, US refiners have ramped up imports of Russian residuum, US Energy Information Administration data shows. EIA defines residuum as a residue from crude oil after distilling off all but the heaviest components, with a boiling range greater than 1,000 degrees Fahrenheit.

"An early meeting in the OPEC+ format due to the coronavirus most likely won't happen," Shahbazov told reporters, according to Prime News Agency. "Countries are discussing the coronavirus ... the OPEC secretariat is coordinating these discussions.

After foreign hackers were able to infiltrate U.S. agencies’ systems by hacking the Texas-based software company SolarWinds late last year, cybersecurity experts called for companies to implement stronger cyber defenses. Even before the cyberattack on Microsoft that ballooned into a global security crisis earlier this year, the technology company’s president, Brad Smith, advocated for lawmakers to make mandatory disclosure requirements for companies and organizations to report any cyberattacks they experience.

The pandemic and its related consequences clearly amplified the longer-term growth trend and even generated new sources of sustainable debt issuance in the municipal market. For example, 2020 saw the first labeled municipal bonds issued by national nonprofit foundations.

However, the Biden administration has not completely ignored the producer bloc. US energy secretary Jennifer Granholm talked via phone with Saudi energy minister Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman just before the last OPEC+ meeting on April 1.

Australia’s energy conglomerates are looking to the mining industry to accelerate the energy transition ahead of the country’s goal to achieve net-zero emissions by 2050. The country’s gas sector has expressed interest in working with miners on industrial commercial projects to capture and store carbon from the blue hydrogen produced from natural gas, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence.

We will attempt to replicate the research in a simpler way. Instead of using ESG scores in original analysis (since definitions are varied), we chose to use the Environmental (E) part of ESG in a time-tested investment strategy – the passive index investment.

The CEO of Arctic mining group PJSC Norilsk Nickel Co. said Sept. 26 that the company plans to spend an additional US$1.28 billion on industrial safety by 2025 after Russia's Federal Agency for Fisheries revealed further fines over a catastrophic fuel spill at the end of May.

AT&T Inc. and Verizon Communications Inc. have both set goals for becoming carbon neutral in 15 years, with each company laying out a variety of initiatives aimed at reducing energy consumption and relying more on renewable energy. In announcing these goals, AT&T and Verizon joined a growing number of companies that have made carbon neutrality a priority.

Singapore — As major Northeast Asian refineries continue to slash their run rates and crude throughput levels in the wake of the coronavirus outbreak, various crude suppliers from West Africa, Far East Russia and the Americas look poised to sweeten their offers in the Asian market.

The agreements come after Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Belarusian counterpart, Alexander Lukashenko, failed to reach a final agreement on oil and gas supplies for 2020 by the end of 2019.

Faced with a choice of over 600 ESG ratings globally, companies need clear yardsticks to select the best tool to inform their sustainability strategy and communicate their sustainability performance and progress to investors and other stakeholders. SustainAbility’s widely recognized “Rate the Raters” report is such a yardstick.

On Sept. 15, the Kremlin's official spokesman Dmitry Peskov said the timely launch of commercial operations on Nord Stream 2 would help balance European gas prices. "Undoubtedly, the early commissioning of Nord Stream 2 will significantly balance prices for natural gas in Europe, including on the spot market," Peskov said.

Crude prices and oil and gas indexes recorded their worst two-week performance on record, pummeled by an oil price war and expectations for lower fuel demand as efforts to mitigate the COVID-19 pandemic grind global commerce into low gear.

Singapore — South Korean refiners are the best prepared in Asia for the low sulfur marine fuel market next year after completing rigorous upgrades to maximize cleaner oil products output, while their flexible sweet crude procurement stance bodes well for the ample production of straight-run low sulfur fuels.

Consider, for example, our basic finding that, although ICE Indices' three ESG-related high-yield indexes outperformed the ICE BofA US High Yield Index during the severe downturn of March 2020, that edge arose from a side-effect of the ESG-based index selection process. Removing bonds with poor ESG scores raised the remaining universe's average rating and lowered its concentration in Energy.

The energy transition from fossil-based systems of energy production and consumption—including oil, natural gas, and coal—to renewable energy sources such as wind and solar is already underway as the race toward decarbonization intensifies. The passage of the Bipartisan Infrastructure Framework would likely revolutionize outdated power distribution systems that are vulnerable to extreme weather events and worsening climate risk, and can’t meet the increased demand that rising electrification will bring.

Corporate boards are responsible for shaping and overseeing environmental, social and governance (ESG) policies for their organizations. This report examines the relationship between companies connected through shared board members and ESG performance.

Singapore — The Indian government is on a "mission" to reduce its dependence on vegoil imports and aims to increase the country's planting area and productivity by 25%, the CEO of Mumbai-based consultancy Sunvin Group said during a webinar June 11.

In this edition, we take a closer look at the remuneration increases of CEOs at some of the highest profile U.S. companies in various industries in 2020. Jamie Dimon, who has been at the helm of JPMorgan since 2005, saw his compensation rise 0.2% on a yearly basis.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. Two days after Massachusetts-based biotechnology company Moderna reported its coronavirus vaccine to have nearly 95% efficacy after its first interim analysis, New York-headquartered drug maker Pfizer announced on Nov. 18 that final Phase 3 trials show its vaccine candidate, created in partnership with the German biopharmaceutical firm BioNTech SE, to also be 95% effective.

Polymetal has exported gold bullion previously as it also operates in Kazakhstan where it has two of its nine production hubs. And those, unlike the company's Russian operations, have had no limitations on bullion exports.

“Multinational corporations with substantial overseas earnings largely in sectors such as technology and health care would be subject to significant international tax changes to end offshoring and profit-shifting incentives under the Biden tax proposal. We believe most U.S. companies would have somewhat higher effective tax rates and pay higher cash taxes, and multinational corporations with foreign earnings would pay even more absent tax planning,” S&P Global Ratings said in a recent report.

ESG IN THE TIME OF COVID-19

Singapore — China's National Development and Reform Commission has told five major state-owned utilities not to buy Australian thermal coal for the time being, in a move to boost domestic prices, market sources said.

Officials from other Western companies with long-standing involvement in the Russian energy sector have already expressed interest in joining hydrogen projects in Russia, including BP and Total. Earlier this year Russia and Germany also signed a joint declaration of intent designed to encourage cooperation on sustainable energy, including hydrogen.

Deal-making has increased as U.S. media companies scurry to snatch up and consolidate content makers. In May, 104 media and telecommunication services sector deals were announced with disclosed transaction values, up notably year-over-year from the 68 announced in May 2020, according to an S&P Global Market Intelligence analysis.

Local governments may need to plug a budget gap. We begin 2021 with 11 of our state ratings carrying a negative outlook.

The terminal would have allowed customers to use LNG as an alternative to heavy fuel oil, diesel and LPG in North and Central Europe and the Baltic region. It would also have supplied LNG as bunker fuel for ships in the Baltic Sea.

Enhancements to our Analytical Approach do not affect our published ESG Evaluations.

FONPLATA largely finances infrastructure projects in its five member countries: Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, and Uruguay. These countries are exposed to environmental risks because natural disasters, such as river flooding, wildfire, and deforestation, can damage infrastructure.

Washington — Alaska's oil producers face the prospect of sharply lower output and investment as they confront the two-pronged crisis of the Saudi/Russian price war and plunging demand from the coronavirus, US Senator Lisa Murkowski said in an interview with S&P Global Platts.

Government mandates, incentives, and standards to lower the carbon intensity of fuel combined with consumer demands for meaningful action on climate change has accelerated the demand for renewable diesel feedstocks. Refiners can produce renewable diesel from animal fats, plant oils, and used cooking oil, but in North America renewable diesel producers will increasingly be relying on soybean and canola oil to run new plants.

Singapore — China's top five suppliers -- Saudi Arabia, Russia, Iraq, Brazil and Oman -- each delivered record high volumes of crude to China in November, propelling the crude import volume of the world's biggest Asian oil consumer to a brand new historical high of 11.18 million b/d, according to the latest data from the General Administration of Customs, which was made available on Friday.

The S&P/ASX 200 ESG Index is broad and constructed to play a central role in an investment strategy, unlike many ESG indices that have preceded it, which were thematic or narrow in their focus. By targeting 75% of the S&P/ASX 200’s market capitalization, industry by industry, the S&P/ASX 200 ESG Index offers industry diversification and a return profile in line with Australia’s leading benchmark.

Delegates on a technical committee advising the 23-country OPEC+ coalition will reconvene in Vienna at 9 am local time (0800 GMT), with OPEC kingpin Saudi Arabia having proposed deeper production cuts and major non-OPEC producer Russia still reluctant to commit, according to sources involved in the discussions. Russia has instead suggested extending the coalition's existing supply accord for three months beyond its end-March expiry, said one delegate, who asked not to be named due to the sensitivity of the talks.

In Qatar Petroleum itself we are building another 800 MW [solar] power to substitute some of the gas power plants to reduce our carbon footprint and have captive power for our own oil and gas facilities to run that instead of gas with solar. Although we have an abundance of gas and we are a gas-rich country, we’re also doing what’s responsible in that regard.

"Russia and the United Arab Emirates have important competitive advantages in developing hydrogen - significant energy potential, underutilized generating capacity, geographical proximity to potential hydrogen consumers, scientific experience in production, transportation and storage of hydrogen..." Novak said, adding that companies are interested in developing this cooperation.

In the U.S., the national dialogue has turned to race in 2020. Following George Floyd's death in police custody, companies have paid more attention to systemic racism and diversity in their own ranks.

* The ECB, along with national regulators, has pressed European banks including Germany's Deutsche Bank AG and France's BNP Paribas SA and Société Générale SA to provide further data on their corporate lending for 2020 in a bid to ensure lenders could survive a potential wave of loan defaults caused by the coronavirus pandemic, insiders told Bloomberg.

As ESG investing has emerged as a competitive alternative to socially responsible investing, investors are increasingly searching for forward-looking metrics as a means of assessing portfolio risk beyond traditional financial measures. S&P Global Ratings' ESG Risk Atlas provides a comprehensive view of relative ESG risks facing various sectors and geographies.

We see Enbridge as having somewhat higher exposure to environmental risk than peers because it faces strict global and domestic environmental policies that make it increasingly challenging for it to construct new pipeline projects on time and within budget and manage operations. These challenges are heightened for Enbridge given its large pipeline network.

Prime Minister Narendra Modi's purse strings have been tightened by relatively high debt levels for an emerging market country. A drop off in tax revenues and economic activity will see government debt-to-GDP surge to 89.3% this year from 72.3% in 2019, according to IMF forecasts.

Both developed and emerging economies are struggling under the stress of the coronavirus pandemic’s prolonged economic impact. In the U.S., officials in Washington have yet to complete negotiations on the terms of an additional stimulus package as a resurgence of outbreaks has increased the country’s chances of a prolonged recession.

The 2016 Paris Climate Agreement resulted in many countries pledging to net zero goals. Net zero, also referred to as carbon neutrality, is the scenario wherein the carbon or greenhouse emissions are balanced by absorbing the same from the atmosphere.

No content (including ratings, credit-related analyses and data, valuations, model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC or its affiliates (collectively, S&P). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or unauthorized purposes.

"The ultimate impact of the coronavirus on Chinese and overall Asian coal imports and demand will vary with time but is distinctly bearish in the short-term," Platts Analytics said in its international coal markets forecast. "Until the virus is contained globally, coal demand should suffer and import demand will be limited."

** Uzbekistan's Bukhara has started producing Euro-4 and Euro-5 diesel after replacing the gasoil hydrotreater catalyst, according to local media reports. In 2020, Bukhara produced 843,900 mt of gasoline, the biggest annual output in since the refinery was launched 23 years ago.

The highlights on S&P Global Platts Market Movers - Asia with Agriculture Editor Mugunthan Kesavan: Brent crude futures rise above $70/b as Ras Tanura attack extends rally, Asian refiners hopeful for resumption in Iranian oil trade, lessons from Fukushima in focus as Japan plans to become a carbon neutral country by 2050, strong ABS demand drives prices to record high, buyers await Brazil's Conab and USDA's WASDE data for updates on grain and oilseeds supply and demand.

Russia yet to heed Saudi lobbying for deeper oil cuts

The report guides the OPEC+ discussions and forms the basis of the market scenarios prepared by the OPEC secretariat's analysis arm for the policy negotiations.

The companies’ decisions may ignite stronger calls for regulation. In the U.S., some analysts believe bipartisan support for Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act may increase.

"You're seeing a super-cycle everywhere across the board, not just in oil," he said at an industry conference. "If prices get too high, it leads to demand destruction, which is not healthy.

In the face of school and daycare closures, and with many children moving to virtual learning environments, the time required for childcare duties since the pandemic began has increased for 58% of parents, according to the survey, according to an S&P Global/AARP survey of nearly 1,600 employees at large U.S. companies conducted in late-summer. Many parents and family caregivers have reported that their at-home commitments have grown since the pandemic began, leading to increased stress levels and some feeling that they were being penalized at work for their increasing responsibilities.

General Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Trucost plc (“Trucost”), a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC. All rights reserved.

The persistent supply tightness in China's domestic coking coal market spurred an unprecedented rally in domestic coal prices in Q3. Platts assessed domestic coking coal prices up 82.7% quarter on quarter, rising from $307.24/mt to $561.45/mt, as local government safety inspections and environmental regulations crimped domestic production.

The Groningen phase-out will create a deficit of low calorific gas across all those European markets, and sooner than expected. Work has long been underway to prepare Europe for the transition, including projects to convert more H-gas into L-gas, since L-gas networks are unable to accommodate H-gas.

Our key sustainability factors identify the most material environmental and social risks assessed in our ESG Evaluation. We assess the materiality of those risks across the industry’s value chain and reflect them in the weighting of our environmental and social factors.

Norwich Park branch rail line connecting Pembroke Resources' Olive Downs coking coal project to the Dalrymple Bay Coal Terminal on the Goonyella rail system in Queensland, Australia. Source: Pembroke Resources
Coking coal executives have warned about conflated environmental perceptions between thermal and coking coal, as COVID-19 recovery stimulus measures are buoying Pembroke Resources Pty Ltd.'s confidence as it gears up for construction on its A$1 billion Olive Downs' project in central Queensland.

Washington — US President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin spoke June 1 about the importance of implementing the OPEC+ oil supply cuts and stabilizing global oil prices, the Kremlin said in a statement.

After the contentious talks stretched over several days, Mexico eventually agreed to rein in 100,000 b/d, diluting what would have been a 10 million b/d OPEC+ cut deal to 9.7 million b/d -- still the largest coordinated supply accord in the oil market's history.

Key Takeaways
Water conflicts are on the rise, according to Pacific Institute data. The World Economic Forum ranks water crises as higher in impact than infectious diseases.

Libya, wracked by a political row between its oil ministry and its state oil company, suffered a 40,000 b/d drop due to issues at the oil pipelines that connect the Waha oil fields to the Es Sider terminal. The war-torn country is facing an acute budget crunch that could impact its ability to maintain its oil infrastructure.

Russian crude deliveries to Belarus have been disrupted since the start of 2020 due to a dispute over crude supply terms. Belarus complained that its revenues from oil customs duty would fall significantly in 2020 as a result of changes to Russian taxation.

Currency was a major factor in the performance of some markets, and Brazil in particular. In local currency terms, the S&P Brazil BMI had a respectable gain of 6%, but it declined 17% in U.S. dollar terms, driven by a 23% weakening of the Brazilian real (BRL) in 2020.

New Zealand has introduced legislation to make climate risk reporting mandatory in line with TCFD recommendations, and the U.K. as of Jan. 1 requires commercial companies with a premium listing to disclose against them. Switzerland in August announced it will require large companies to implement the TCFD’s recommendations and report on climate risk.

While 2020 was an exceptional year for U.S. corporate bankruptcies, a larger share of distressed companies upended by the COVID-19 pandemic is using court processes to restructure instead of close shop. Nearly 62% of U.S. corporate bankruptcy filings in 2020 sought reorganizations, the highest rate for any year going back to at least 2010, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence data.

As policymakers, corporations and investors prepare to reopen business with reduced or few restrictions – we examine the 2021 imperative to reframe and rebuild existing environmental, social and governance frameworks to build resilient, sustainable corporate and community ecosystems. Join S&P Global Market Intelligence for an in-depth discussion with Sustainable1 analysts and distinguished noted influencers within environmental, social, governance (ESG).

Russia is also looking to build on existing energy cooperation with Asia. In recent years Russian companies including Rosneft, Sibur, Gazprom and Novatek have held frequent talks with Indian and Chinese partners on new projects.

In this edition, we take a closer look at changes that might impact the U.S. banking and financial technology landscape. The digital revolution has created a race to develop best-in-class technology that can win clients, reduce overhead costs and defend traditional banks against a multitude of fintech start-ups.

But the largest single PPA for renewable energy was signed by Denmark's Ørsted A/S and chipmaker Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. Ltd., or TSMC, in July of this year, covering the full output of the 920-MW Greater Changhua 2b & 4 offshore wind farm projects in Taiwan. Corporate PPAs for offshore wind parks have emerged only recently and are often more complicated to arrange because of the wind farms' size, which means single off-takers are rarely capable of taking their full output.

Where can environmental, social, and governance (ESG) benchmarks help investors and markets most? The answer may be in emerging markets, where it is crucially important to identify and navigate ESG concerns.

Alongside their differing economic conditions, inflation may affect regions in different ways according to recent outlooks from S&P Global Economics. Asia-Pacific economies face transitory inflation risks that should ease, but a prolonged uneven global recovery could destabilize capital flows in the region.

We assume that the public and governments expect that a vaccine would be affordable. Governments are providing funding for the vaccine, and to reach herd immunity the majority of the population needs to be vaccinated.

“While vaccination rates are up in many countries and the economic impact of mobility restrictions has lessened, we are not out of the woods yet. As delta has shown, especially in Southeast Asia, variants of COVID-19 can still have a measurable and even severe impact on economic activity.

Environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks--and opportunities-- are a material part of credit analysis, whether for banks or insurers, or for sovereign and local and regional governments (LRGs). S&P Global Ratings performed a two-year review of ESG factors, and how they influenced, positively or negatively, the creditworthiness of rated global sovereigns, LRGs, banks, and insurers.

On May 24, 2021, Leveraged Commentary & Data (LCD) unveiled its ESG Leveraged Finance Tracker, a list that tracks loans and high-yield bonds in the U.S. and European markets that have an environmental, social, and governance (ESG) component. LCD intends to update this list weekly.

Turkey, that has bought 2.8 million mt of wheat so far in MY 2021-22, remained the largest buyer of Russian wheat, followed by Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egypt purchased 1.5 million mt, while Saudi Arabia imported 600,000 mt of Russian wheat.

Panelists agreed that Europe is leading the way in adapting the structured finance market to ESG considerations and there have been numerous supportive signals from various EU regulators, although the market is still in its infancy. There are two key challenges: the lack of assets available for securitization and the lack of common standards defining what ESG principles really mean.

The Nord Stream 2 development company has been in a position to resume work using the Fortuna since Jan. 15 after the Danish Maritime Authority published a notice to seafarers advising that work to lay the remaining kilometers of Nord Stream 2 would resume in Danish waters from that date.

As equities markets continue to ride a rollercoaster of volatility, investors’ weakened confidence in a smooth and strong near-term economic recovery has been buoyed by new optimism about a potential vaccine to treat the coronavirus. In the week ended July 10, the S&P 500 closed up 1.76% after experiencing turbulence spurred by rapidly swelling outbreaks across the U.S. tipping the country past 3 million confirmed cases.

As a foundation of normalization from the coronavirus-caused economic downturn sprouts across countries, banks previously burdened with declining asset quality and creditworthiness—alongside increasing demand for lending—are enjoying rebounding earnings and profits. The first half of this year saw robust earnings from banks in the U.K. that benefited from the release of massive credit provisions, according to S&P Global Ratings.

Under the deal, Saudi Arabia agreed to hold its crude production to 10.151 million b/d, down from its current quota of 10.311 million b/d, the source said.

Water is essential to the production and delivery of nearly all goods and services. Many businesses are reliant on a sufficient flow of clean water to operate and realize their growth ambitions.

The question is top of mind for energy and climate hawks: What will a new U.S. climate target look like after the nation officially rejoins the Paris Agreement on climate change Feb. 19 under President Joe Biden? Several experts weighed in on this question and the implications for the energy transition already underway on the latest episode of "Energy Evolution," a podcast by S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Lukoil also pointed to Russia's low oil recovery factor as an area for potential development, especially if the government introduces tax incentives for enhanced oil recovery. Lukoil estimates Russia's oil recovery factor should be 38% under the current taxation framework, but is much lower at 22%.

The preliminary ratings assigned to the BBCMS Mortgage Trust 2021-C12's commercial mortgage pass-through certificates reflect the credit support provided by the transaction's structure, our view of the underlying collateral's economics, the trustee-provided liquidity, the collateral pool's relative diversity, and our overall qualitative assessment of the transaction. S&P Global Ratings determined that the collateral pool has, on a weighted average basis, debt service coverage (DSC) of 2.02x and beginning and ending loan-to-value (LTV) ratios of 100.0% and 95.2%, respectively, based on our values.

Those reputational risks could be sizable, as ESG investing continued to grow in the U.S. in 2020. Our Chart of the Week shows that U.S. sustainable investments surpassed $17 trillion at the outset of the year.

Wahaj Chaudhry, an official with Amazon.com Inc., and Kathleen Rodriguez of Warner Media LLC are among the members of the newly formed Copyright Public Modernization Committee, which will provide input into the development of a new Enterprise Copyright System that will include registration, recordation, public records and licensing IT applications. The Library of Congress, which houses the copyright office in Washington D.C., is hosting the committee's inaugural public meeting July 22.

S&P Global Ratings' environmental, social, and governance (ESG) Evaluation is a crosssector, relative analysis of an entity’s capacity to operate successfully in the future and is grounded in how ESG factors could affect stakeholders, potentially leading to a material direct or indirect financial impact on the entity. ESG factors typically incorporate the entity's impact on the natural and social environment and the quality of its governance.

While there is sure to be a reduction of the oil glut next year, net importers, such as China and India, should find they will still be spoilt for choice at reasonable prices. As demand picks up, OPEC+ members will be itching to turn on the oil spigots.

Gazprom Neft could increase oil production in 2020 by 10% year on year, CEO Alexander Dyukov said Oct. 14.

Thousands of supporters of President Donald Trump stormed the U.S. Capitol in Washington, D.C., yesterday—forcing legislators gathered for the formal certification of President-elect Joe Biden's victory to adjourn. Lawmakers including Vice President Mike Pence, alongside Congressional leaders and staffers, were evacuated and placed on lockdown as rioters breached the Capitol complex, chamber floors, and legislative offices.

While hydrogen initiatives have been grabbing headlines thanks to large-scale national plans and projects at corporate level, renewable natural gas (RNG) also deserves attention as an emerging tool for decarbonization. RNG comes from capturing biogas from areas like landfills and farms and then cleaning and upgrading that gas to remove excess carbon dioxide to then turn it into biomethane, which is more commonly referred to as RNG.

American Family Insurance CEO-elect William Westrate said in an interview that the American Family Ventures arm looks for investment opportunities "at an early stage in companies where we can get a lens into their development, a lens into their capabilities, the potential for their business and how it could impact" the insurer and the industry as a whole.

Russian agricultural consultancy SovEcon recently reduced its estimate for the country's wheat output in marketing year 2021-22 by 5.9 million mt to 76.4 million mt. Another Moscow-based consultancy IKAR also cut its forecast for Russia's MY2021-22 wheat crop by 3 million mt to 78.5 million mt.

Singapore — 0155 GMT: Crude oil futures were steady to marginally higher in mid-morning trade in Asia June 2 as traders looked toward a possible extension of output cuts by OPEC+ in an upcoming meeting.

Gazprom has agreed to transit 40 Bcm/year of Russian gas via Ukraine from 2021 until 2024 -- down from a recent peak of 94 Bcm in 2017 -- as it looks to divert gas away from Ukraine into Nord Stream 2.

Clearly, the comparative returns of the ESG ETF and the ALL HY ETF were affected by a lot more than the portfolio profiles shown in the table just above. For instance, the ESG ETF should have been disadvantaged by its lower Energy concentration in May 2020, when the ICE BofA US High Yield Energy Index walloped the ICE BofA US High Yield Index, 12.73% to 4.57%.

Despite the World Health Organization’s recommendation this week that the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine should be administered worldwide regardless of the prevalence of COVID-19 mutations, South Africa halted its distribution. AstraZeneca’s vaccine is less expensive and doesn’t require complex storage, like Pfizer and Moderna’s vaccines.

Notably, Hwan drew down some of the fund's double-digit stock holdings in semiconductor companies Micron Technology Inc. and Applied Materials Inc. — a part of the technology sector the fund had built up its stake in since late 2018 — and put that money toward diversifying the portfolio. Some of the companies Hwan added include Verizon Communications Inc., The Bank of New York Mellon Corp., financial technology company Intuit Inc., healthcare and pharmaceutical company Novartis AG, healthcare technology company Cerner Corp. and payroll processing and administration company Paychex Inc.

The sanctions, levied by the US Treasury Department, include new prohibitions on dealing in Russian sovereign debt markets, as well as targeted sanctions on several Russian technology firms with alleged connections to Russian intelligence services. In addition, Treasury issued sanctions against 32 Russian individuals and entities for their alleged involvement in attempts to influence the 2020 US presidential elections.

S&P Global Ratings believes banks in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) have demonstrated resilience to the COVID-19-related economic shock and last year's sharp decline in oil prices. Western and local central banks' unprecedented interventions, which took the form of liquidity injections and regulatory forbearance measures, helped cushion regional banks from wider uncertainty and masked the true hit to their asset quality indicators.

Oil price wars rarely achieve their objectives. Saudi Arabia and Russia racing to out-pump each other is unlikely to be any different.

We recognize the merits of the circular economy as businesses seek to align their sustainability strategies with wider social goals articulated by the United Nations (UN) Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). In our view, sustainable infrastructure and circular economy initiatives could directly support the private sector's pursuit towards the SDGs (see sidebar 2).

Paper and forest products companies are exposed to material social risks across their value chain. --Occupational health and safety: remains a primary concern at all stages of the production process, from tree logging to pulp and paper manufacturing.

Job and mobility trends are improving in the world’s biggest economy, but rising prices are dampening consumers’ enthusiasm, according to S&P Global Ratings Chief U.S. Economist Beth Ann Bovino.

S&P Global Ratings has recently observed contracting bond tenors and widening spreads for North American oil and gas debt issuers, relative to those of European peers and the broader corporate fixed income universe, suggesting that investors' growing focus on ESG and credit risk may be affecting demand for new issuance from oil and gas companies.

The exclusions serve to highlight the performance of relatively smaller coins that are overshadowed by the dominance of the two largest coins—which make up approximately 63% of total market capitalization.3 Exhibit 2 shows how the index’s average coin market capitalization diminishes dramatically as mega- and large-cap constituents are excluded—from almost USD 5 billion in the S&P Cryptocurrency BDM Index, to USD 1.1 billion in the S&P Cryptocurrency BDM Ex-MegaCap Index, to just USD 230 million in the S&P Cryptocurrency BDM Ex-LargeCap Index.

–Gazprom Neft said it has completed installation of the main equipment at the primary processing complex CDU-VDU at its Omsk refinery. The complex, with 8.4 million mt/year capacity, will be completed in 2021, and allow the refinery to take six outdated units out of service.

In Asia-Pacific economies, rating trends are diverging—positively for those in East Asia who have controlled the spread of the coronavirus and negatively for countries across South and Southeast Asia fighting renewed outbreaks. Europe’s policy interventions have protected the eurozone economy from severe credit deterioration.

Podcast: Why S&P Global Ratings sees ESG as critical to COVID-era credit quality

--Russia's Khabarovsk refinery plans to build a second phase to the plant close to the existing site, according to reports. The second phase would double the refinery's capacity to 10 million mt/year, and aims to cover gasoline demand in the far east of Russia.

London — The US remains on standby to impose sanctions against companies involved in completing the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline from Russia to Germany, while diplomatic efforts to reach a compromise over the controversial project continue.

The Russian delay is sure to frustrate OPEC kingpin Saudi Arabia, which had called for the collective to immediately implement deeper cuts of 500,000 b/d or more amid the sell-off in crude prices.

As for the UAE itself, the country is committed to the OPEC+ alliance, although it is pumping much lower than its 4.2 million b/d installed capacity, the minister said. The UAE pumped 2.57 million b/d of crude in December, according to the latest S&P Global Platts survey of OPEC+ output.

The research also identified 381 commercial banks providing $315 billion in loans to the coal industry over the two-year period between Oct. 1, 2018 and Oct. 31, 2020. The top lenders were the Japanese banks Mizuho Financial Group Inc., Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc. and Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc. Other top lenders to the coal sector identified in the research include U.S.-based Citigroup Inc. and U.K.-based Barclays Bank Plc.

While the Institute of International Finance anticipates the world’s “debt tsunami” to total $227 trillion, or 365% of global GDP, by year-end, S&P Global Ratings foresees global debt-to GDP to grow to 265% this year—although it doesn’t anticipate a debt crisis within the next two years. By 2023, global debt will ease to 256% of GDP as governments rebuild their balance sheets and corporates rethink their business opportunities.

S&P DJI’s Mona Naqvi discusses how the S&P 500 ESG Index could help investors maintain their ESG values without sacrificing performance.

Russia should not be allowed to use the Nord Stream 2 natural gas pipeline as a political weapon, Ukrainian energy minister Herman Haluschenko said Aug. 23 after meeting with German energy minister Peter Altmeier and US Energy Secretary Jennifer Grenholm, according to the Ukrainian energy ministry.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. Asia’s economic recovery is accumulating.

We explore the looming risks of water scarcity in the latest episode of S&PGlobal's "ESG Insider" podcast.We hear from Will Sarni, founder and CEO of water consultancy Water Foundry. Will says the world struggles to value water, which makes it difficult to secure capital investments in water technologies and solutions.

Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced on Nov. 17 that the U.K. will invest £12 billion in creating 250,000 sustainable energy jobs; quadrupling offshore wind capacity; expanding low-carbon hydrogen production and large-scale nuclear generation; supporting electric-vehicle (EV) technology and manufacturing; improving energy efficiency across households and public buildings; targeting carbon capture; innovating sustainable finance mechanisms; and preserving the nation’s nature. Under the green plan, the U.K. accelerated its timeline for prohibiting the creation of new fossil fuel-generating vehicles by a decade, from 2040 to 2030.

Novak sees no need to rush on OPEC+ cuts stance

In this edition, we take a close look at some of the key obstacles facing the U.S. labor market's recovery, including the impact of COVID-19. An estimated 7.9 million Americans were out of work because of the virus in early September, up from about 4.9 million three months earlier, based on U.S. Census Bureau household surveys.

In a statement, Tengizchevroil said it had accounted for 35% of Kazakhstan's 2020 oil production, which was reduced by the country's participation in OPEC+ cuts imposed in response to global overproduction and a collapse in demand last year.

Education issuers accounted for the majority of social municipal debt issued last year. Notably, 10 municipal issuers, primarily in transportation and water sectors—the New York MTA, Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority, Power Authority of the State of New York, Florida Development Finance Corporation, San Francisco Bay Area Rapid Transit District, Illinois Finance Authority, San Francisco Public Utilities, San Diego County Water Authority, Los Angeles County Public Works Financing Authority, and Hastings Campus Housing Finance Authority—accounted for 65% of green-labeled debt issued last year.

Moscow — Russia is planning to take part in a conference call with other OPEC+ ministers on Monday, the country's energy minister Alexander Novak said Friday during a meeting with President Vladimir Putin on global energy markets.

The USDA's latest estimate for Australian wheat is, however, higher than the National Australian Bank forecast of 15.5 million mt and Rabobank's 15.84 million mt. Unfavorable weather conditions in Argentina led USDA to cut its projection by 500,000 mt to 20 million mt.

While all ESG-related rating actions in 2020 were driven by social credit factors, primarily due to health and safety considerations related to the pandemic, rating actions at the beginning of 2021 reflect some exposure to environmental credit factors. Six out of 43 rating changes in February were linked to the recent revision in industry risk in the oil and gas sector, and three more were downgrades attributed to the environmental risk of coal ash.

Belarus' revenues from customs duty on oil have fallen as a result of changes to Russian taxation.

What's next? Turkey purchases most of its thermal coal imports from Colombia and Russia, whereas pet coke imports mainly come from the US.

Nicole Connolly, Global Head of ESG at Fidelity Investments and Lauren Smart, Chief Commercial Officer S&P Global Sustainble1 joined Joe Cass on this edition of Fixed Income in 15. Discussion focused on S&P Global’s new Sustainble1 division, ESG investing trends and how investors are increasingly playing a part in investment stewardship.

London — OPEC and its allies are moving closer toward a historic deal to take at least 10% of global crude supply off the market as they get set for the first of two critical meetings later Thursday, with key producers Saudi Arabia and Russia signalling their willingness to commit to significant production cuts.

CreditModel’s suite of statistical models, trained on credit ratings from S&P Global Ratings,[2] enables users to quickly evaluate the long-term creditworthiness of mid- and large-cap, public and private banks, insurance companies, and corporations globally. The models utilize financial statement and macroeconomic data to generate a quantitative credit score that statistically matches a credit rating from S&P Global Ratings.

"As of Oct. 18, the gas-in procedure for the first string of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline has been completed," Nord Stream 2 AG said in a statement.

We see FedEx as facing significant environmental risk, similar to the rest of the package express industry, principally because of the long-term industry trend toward tighter regulation of GHG emissions, which could increase its costs over time. That said, a portion of FedEx's vehicle fleet uses alternative fuels, which provide increased fuel efficiency (including hybrid, electric, compressed or liquefied natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas, and hydrogen-fueled vehicles).

Today, investors who deliberately apply an ESG lens to investing are growing rapidly worldwide as more come to realize the risks of separating such issues from business fundamentals. The lack of consistency, standards, and forward view of the majority of ESG information providers result in widespread difficulties for investors looking to integrate ESG factors into their investment decisions.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. Having agreed to a definitive merger in a $44 billion all-stock transaction that includes $4.8 billion of net debt, New York-based S&P Global and London-headquartered IHS Markit’s deal will, subject to regulatory review, bring together two of Wall Street’s largest financial data providers in the biggest acquisition this year.

Indices that integrate environmental, social, and governance (ESG) data are moving from the margins to the mainstream, as investors increasingly seek to align their values with their investments. A new type of ESG index is emerging to facilitate this change in Brazil: the S&P/B3 Brazil ESG Index.

Belarus exports residual fuel oil, gasoil/diesel and gasoline, with monthly volumes averaging around 120,000 b/d, according to Platts Analytics. In January to September 2020, Belarus exported 1.157 million mt, or around 35,174 b/d, of gasoline and 1.834 million mt, or around 49,866 b/d, of diesel, according to the Belarusian state statistics service.

These include high sulfur fuel oil, high sulfur vacuum gasoil, low sulfur vacuum gasoil, high sulfur straight run fuel oil and low sulfur straight run fuel oil.

The preliminary ratings assigned to MFA 2021-INV2 Trust's mortgage pass-through certificates series 2021-INV2 reflect our view of: The pool's collateral composition (see the Collateral Summary section below); The transaction's credit enhancement, associated structural mechanics, geographic concentration, and representation and warranty (R&W) framework; The mortgage aggregator and mortgage originator; and The impact the COVID-19 pandemic will likely have on the performance of the mortgage borrowers in the pool (see "Economic Outlook U.S. Q4 2021: The Rocket Is Leveling Off," published Sept. 23, 2021) and the liquidity available in the transaction. Our rating analysis considers a transaction's potential exposure to ESG credit factors.

Mining is an energy-intensive industry and it has a high emissions footprint. McKinsey & Co. estimated in January that mining is responsible for 4% to 7% of global greenhouse gas emissions in terms of the sector's Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.

Kurtyka said lower-than-expected gas deliveries from Gazprom were boosting European energy prices with booked gas transit via the Yamal pipeline, which delivers Russian gas through Belarus to Poland and Germany down by 90% for November. In October, only about 30% of Yamal's capacity was booked, he said.

The coronavirus has sparked fears of a major economic slowdown in China, the world's largest importer of crude, where quarantines and travel restrictions have caused a contraction in oil consumption. China sources some 70% of its crude imports from OPEC+ members, and its refineries are expected to slash runs by about 1 million b/d in February, according to S&P Global Platts Analytics.

Russia's Sakhalin Energy will deliver the first carbon neutral LNG cargo to Japan's Toho Gas from its Sakhalin-2 project, the Gazprom-led operator said Sept. 28, without specifying the volume.

Bazalgette Tunnel Ltd., trading as "Tideway", is a U.K.-based independent regulated infrastructure provider established in 2015. The company's purpose is to design, finance , construct, and commission the Thames Tideway Tunnel in London.

While US crude imports have declined steadily as US oil output has increased, US refiners still imported about 6.76 million b/d of foreign crude in 2019, including about 717,150 b/d of light crudes, according to the US Energy Information Administration.

Before the outbreak of COVID-19, oil producers in MENA and SSA were (with some important exceptions) showing gradual resolve in adjusting to the 2014-2015 decline in oil prices. Including investment income, during 2019, Abu Dhabi, Kuwait, and Qatar were running substantial public-sector surpluses, while Bahrain and Saudi Arabia introduced steps toward widening their tax bases.

New York — Crude futures settled nearly 5% higher Jan. 5 after Saudi Arabia announced it would voluntarily cut output by 1 million b/d, offsetting a modest quota increase granted to Russia and Kazakhstan and pushing total OPEC+ output sharply lower in coming months.

A little over 150 km of Nord Stream 2 remains to be laid in Danish and German waters, and the threat of US sanctions -- and the fact that Nord Stream 2 will alter the European gas landscape significantly once operational -- has led to major interest in the timetable for pipe-laying work.

"Too seldom mentioned in discussions of Fed independence is the need for it to be independent of Wall Street and the industry in general, and the Fed trading and ethics scandal is a symptom of avoiding this issue," Carter Dougherty, a spokesman for the financial market watchdog Americans for Financial Reform, told S&P Global Market Intelligence. Fed appointees generate "perhaps the most market-sensitive information in the world.

"Brazilian crudes become lusterless as the producer keeps the popular Tupi for their own consumption, while sending the less favorable Buzios to China," a crude trader said.

Two weeks of discussions between more than 200 countries and companies at COP26 concluded with a pact to keep efforts toward limiting global warming to 1.5° Celsius alive and an array of agreements aimed at strengthening emissions-reduction targets and the energy transition. Some nations, like the U.S., Australia, and South Korea, have introduced new net-zero goals in the weeks since COP26.

Investors are increasingly looking to incorporate ESG information into their investment decisions and engage dedicated ESG professionals to assess companies’ sustainability performance. This is reflected in the continuous growth of financial institutions that are committed to the United Nation’s Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI), which have reached over 3,000 signatories and 100tn in Assets under Management.

There has never been greater demand for methodological developments in high quality, relevant and reliable ESG data. This has been driven by the shifting regulatory landscape and the growing awareness of key risks and impacts.

STOCKHOLM (S&P Global Ratings) May 31, 2021--S&P Global Ratings has assigned Swedbank AB an ESG Evaluation score of 75 (out of 100; see "Swedbank AB: ESG Evaluation" published today). The company's ESG Evaluation score is the result of an ESG profile of 72, combined with an adequate (+3) preparedness.

RUSSIAN OIL PRODUCT UNDER OPEC+ CUTS

US President Donald Trump has called on Russia and Saudi Arabia to settle their dispute and warned he might impose tariffs on oil imports if American oil workers and companies continue to hurt from the oil price crash. Saudi Arabian officials had told him a deal was in the works for a 10 million barrel cut if not more, but the dispute between Riyadh and Moscow is threatening to destroy both countries, he said.

The death toll continues to rise in the Lebanese capital of Beirut following a massive explosion Tuesday night in the city’s port district. Government officials attributed the explosion to 2,750 tons of highly explosive ammonium nitrate, which had been stored in a warehouse in the port.

Today is Thursday, June 18, 2020, and here is today’s essential intelligence.

Many in the business community agree. “Stakeholder capitalism” was the hot term at this year’s virtual World Economic Forum annual meeting, during which dozens of the world's largest companies, with trillions of dollars in market capitalization, pledged to report non-financial disclosures in new environmental, social, and governance (ESG) metrics focused on people, the planet, prosperity, and principles of governance.

According to our sell-side panelist, there are several reasons behind the delayed pick-up in sustainable covered bond issuance. First, the underlying assets have to meet the criteria of issuers' green or sustainable frameworks, as well as existing eligibility requirements for covered bond collateral pools.

Demand for environmental, social and governance (ESG) investment products has grown substantially, with a 10-fold increase1 in inflows to ESG funds from 2018 to 2020 just in the U.S. The SFDR is an EU regulation that seeks greater transparency from firms marketing investment products in the EU that have an explicit sustainable investment objective, an environmental or social characteristic and even products that do not consider ESG (as mentioned in this SFDR primer2).

Russian President Vladimir Putin and Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman -- the energy minister's half brother -- conferred on the phone, according to the Kremlin, though the official readout of the call said they mostly discussed green energy, not oil.

Rospan, the gas and gas condensate project in West Siberia is expected to drive the company's production of hydrocarbons and reach annual production of over 20 Bcm of gas, 5 million mt of gas condensate and more than 1 million mt of propane and butane in the near future.

Washington — While the US is allowing Chevron and four US oil companies to continue to operate in Venezuela to prevent the complete collapse of the South American nation's oil sector, recovery will take years, Elliott Abrams, the US State Department's special representative for Venezuela, said Wednesday.

"As regards Russian oil producers, despite Rosneft's statements to the contrary, the collapse of the OPEC+ pact and the way it happened will take a toll on the whole industry. The economics of oil production in Russia are not particularly favorable in the long term as remote and hard-to-tap deposits will require significant capex and a government fiscal stimulus to be minimally profitable," Voloshin said.

Similar to the evolution of the nationwide protests in the U.S., Nigeria’s young citizens have called for the dissolution of the special police group and an overhaul of inequality in the country. More than 40% of the country’s population of 200 million people are under the age of 30 years old, according to data compiled by Statista.

Ted Chapman, Senior Director and Sector Leader in the Utilities group, inspects how ESG factors underpin credit ratings and leads with an example of ESG credit factors in utilities. ESG factors have existed as part of S&P criteria, and the new initiative is meant to feature relevant ESG factors with credit implications more prominently.

Climate change has become an important strategic issue for global financial institutions as concern grows about lending to, investing in, or insuring companies that are failing to take steps to transition to a low-carbon economy. Stress testing aims to address several key areas for banks and insurers, including asset-level counterparty modelling and the financial impact on loan and investment portfolios.

Kanye West—the rapper, fashion designer, and erstwhile presidential candidate—received one for his clothing company, Yeezy. The Ayn Rand Institute, which is vocal in its opposition of federal funding, took one.

Today is Monday, June 22, 2020, and here is today’s essential intelligence.

Rio Tinto now faces strong local opposition to development of its major Jadar lithium project in Serbia – where the government may hold a referendum to find out citizens' views on the project - and had approval withdrawn for development of its proposed Arizona, US Resolution Copper mine. Trader Gerald Group recently restarted its Sierra Leone iron ore mine after admitting the government as a stakeholder after a two-year-long permit confiscation.

China's carbon emissions trading plans to keep steel on uptrend in long run

What does “Backward Data Assumption” mean with respect to ESG data? Typically, when S&P DJI creates back-tested index data, we use data from relevant databases, or actual live data.

Russia's communications regulator plans to punish social media companies including Facebook Inc., Twitter Inc. and TikTok Inc. for not taking down posts that called on young people to participate in antigovernment protests, BBC News reported Jan. 28, citing a statement from Roskomnadzor.

What are the S&P DJI ESG Scores? S&P DJI ESG Scores are environmental, social, and governance scores that robustly measure ESG risk and performance factors for corporations, with a focus on financial materiality.

Houston — Crude prices fell late Thursday after a modest deal from OPEC+ to cut oil outputs by a combined 10 million b/d failed to convince traders the reductions are enough to offset the much larger demand collapse caused by the coronavirus pandemic.

Against this backdrop, Middle Eastern and North African oil and gas industries have gone on the offensive against the energy transition and rallied for new investment to revive and boost energy output as oil prices surge. S&P Global Platts Analytics anticipates that the benchmark oil price might spike this month before settling at approximately $70 per barrel, with more market risks arising from supply-chain constraints, inflation trajectories, geopolitics, and central bank policies.

London — Russia's Gazprom Export on Monday made a huge sale on its Electronic Sales Platform (ESP) of 100 million cu m for January delivery to the German Gaspool hub.

Of the 10 countries in the analysis, Greece, Italy, Spain and Belgium are most exposed to water stress between now and 2050, followed by Germany, France, Hungary and the U.K. Water stress refers to the combination of both reduced water availability (rainfall) and increased water demand (population, industrial and agricultural use). So even in parts of Europe where rainfall might increase as a result of a warming climate, more water demand could trigger water stress.

The SAM Corporate Sustainability Assessment™ (“CSA”) results, formerly known as the SAM ESG Scores, launched today as S&P Global ESG Scores on the S&P Global Market Intelligence Xpressfeed™ platform. The CSA was identified as one of the “highest quality” and most "useful” ESG assessments by sustainability professionals and investors*.

Russia's Gazprom has agreed to transit 40 Bcm/year of Russian gas via Ukraine from 2021 until 2024 -- down from a recent peak of 94 Bcm in 2017 -- as it looks to divert gas away from Ukraine into Nord Stream 2.

Unilever is a British-Dutch multinational and one of the largest global fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) companies with more than 400 brands across 190 countries, employing around 161,000 people.

State Bank of India, India's biggest lender by assets, said its asset quality fared well in the financial year ended March 2021, though uncertainties remain as many experts believe a fresh wave of infections may hit the South Asian nation.

Despite the coronavirus pandemic’s effect on the global economy and limitations on people’s ability to travel, global EV adoption expanded in 2020. Global EV sales skyrocketed 43% to total 3.24 million vehicles sold, according to the Swedish consultancy EV Volumes.

London — OPEC still sees a rise in global crude oil demand for 2020 despite the spread of the coronavirus, but now expects an increase of just 60,000 b/d, it said Thursday.

"As a result of signing the agreements, Ukraine will receive a guaranteed income from transit for the next five years. The uncertainty about the future of transit provides new opportunities for the development of the country's gas market and the continuation of reforms in the energy sector, preservation of jobs in the field of gas transportation and future orders for Ukrainian manufacturers of industrial equipment related to the technical support of the Ukrainian GTS," Naftogaz said.

Examples of aligning financial outcomes with one’s values range from faith-based investing, socially responsible investing, sustainable investing, or environmental, social, and governance (ESG) investing. The belief used to guide faith-based investing can be grounded in formal religious dogma or simply generational thinking, with an emphasis on seeking to leave the world a better place for the future.

What's happening? US refiners have increased their reliance on Russian oil as an alternative to Venezuelan crude, placed off limits due to US sanctions on the Latin American country.

Russia is waiting "patiently" to be able to launch the 55 Bcm/year Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline to Germany, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Nov. 8, as German approval of the pipeline operator remains outstanding.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. Demand pressures prompted by the pandemic on energy and commodities are easing.

In the U.K., Barclays PLC is also facing pressure for a climate policy. Some shareholders plan to submit a climate resolution during the bank's upcoming annual general meeting, marking the second consecutive year Barclays will decide on a climate policy.

As part of S&P Global Market intelligence recent exploration of the impact of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) principles on the high-yield, S&P Global Market intelligence surveyed managers on their responses to clients’ expressed interest in ESG-minded investing. S&P Global Market intelligence did not attempt to query the entire universe of U.S. high-yield managers.

Over the next decade, spatial finance may enhance our environmental, social, and governance analysis by linking information about ecosystems and societies directly to companies' financial metrics.

The company's slab production cost stood at $283/mt in H1. Evraz does not disclose its billet cost, but it is believed to be identical to slab as Evraz produces billet via the same blast furnace-based route.

"Auction sales of China's old-crop wheat stocks continue to be large and domestic corn prices in China remain at a premium to wheat. This is expected to further increase China's 2020-21 wheat feed and residual use," the report said.

This could be OTP's third banking acquisition of the year. In May, it agreed to acquire Nova Kreditna Banka Maribor dd from private equity firm Apollo Global Management and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development.

The Global Integrated Energy Model (GIEM) is a comprehensive energy transition modeling tool that enables users to adjust inputs and assumptions and view demand for various sources of energy on a global and country level. It is a practical and customizable tool to study the evolution of the global energy system, with data spanning 143 countries, 10 end-use sectors, and 30 individual energy carriers from 1990 to 2050.

LONDON, OCT. 30, 2017: S&P Dow Jones Indices (S&PDJI), a leading index provider, is now publishing carbon metrics on the majority of its equity indices, including the S&P Global 1200, S&P 500®, Dow Jones Industrial Average® and environmentally-focused indices including S&P Global 1200 Carbon Efficient Index Family and S&P Global 1200 Fossil Fuel Free Index Family.

Alrosa posted a 20% year-over-year decline in diamond production to 7.1 million carats in the fourth quarter of 2020, while its full-year 2020 diamond production dropped 22% to 30.0 million carats due to output cuts linked to the coronavirus pandemic.

The European insurance industry identified climate change as an emerging risk over two decades ago and has since campaigned for more action to be taken to mitigate its impact1. As Europe’s largest institutional investors, many look to insurance firms to assist with the transition to a low-carbon economy.

In this edition, we take a close look at private equity-backed special purpose acquisition company IPOs in 2021, which have already soared past 2020’s entire tally. As of Aug. 23, there have been 80 private equity-backed SPAC IPOs, nearly double the 44 figure from last year.

Giovanni Staunovo at UBS expects the coalition to make deeper cuts as oil demand growth is likely to take a hit from the impact on transportation from the coronavirus epidemic.

U.S. President Joe Biden has blamed OPEC for the market situation, criticizing the group’s restriction of its members’ oil output as the source of record-high oil prices. President Biden has tried pressuring the coalition with the support of other oil-consuming countries to increase its supply.

Key Takeaways
The world's financial market infrastructure companies face risks but also opportunities to credit quality from the increasing focus of stakeholders on environmental, social, and governance factors. We expect social and environmental risks and opportunities will most likely emerge in the medium to long term, if at all, though what each company does in the next few years will shape them.

As long-term custodians of assets, insurers are experiencing a great deal of change, and are under pressure to address the impact of ESG risks on both sides of the balance sheet. Governments and regulators are explicitly focusing their attention on ESG risks – including climate change – that pose a grave issue for insurers.

London — Ever since OPEC teamed with Russia and other allies in late 2016 to tackle a global oil glut through production cuts, Iraq has been a reluctant participant, repeatedly flouting its quota.

We worked at two levels in attempting to identify a residual ESG-related effect in the ESG-based indexes' March returns. The first involved the issue selection process of the ESG Tilt and Duration-Matched ESG Tilt indexes.

The preliminary ratings assigned to PRKCM 2021-AFC1 Trust's mortgage pass-through notes reflect our view of: The pool's collateral composition (see the Collateral Summary section below); The transaction's credit enhancement, associated structural mechanics, representation and warranty (R&W) framework, and geographic concentration; The mortgage originator, AmWest Funding Corp. (AmWest); and The impact the COVID-19 pandemic will likely have on the performance of the mortgage borrowers in the pool and the liquidity available in the transaction. Our rating analysis considers a transaction's potential exposure to ESG credit factors.

Corporate bankruptcies in the U.S. continue to grow during the coronavirus crisis as 24 companies joined 2020's list of casualties and pushed the year-to-date total closer to 500, according to an S&P Global Market Intelligence analysis. A total of 470 companies have gone bankrupt this year as of Sept. 7, more than the number of filings during any comparable period since 2010.

Yuriy Vitrenko, the commercial director at Naftogaz who leads the company's legal team, said at the weekend the arbitration court was expected to rule on the Gazprom claim and Naftogaz counterclaim in 2021.

Singapore — The battle for next year's Chinese demand pie between two major crude oil producers Saudi Arabia and Russia will likely heat up over the coming weeks, with China's state-run refineries eager to renew 2020 term supply deals with the OPEC kingpin, while independent refiners continue to favor Siberian oil.

Moscow — Russia and Belarus may agree on a temporary oil and gas supply arrangement if negotiations on supplies from 2020 are not completed Tuesday, a statement published on Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko's website said.

As the race to find a cure for the coronavirus speeds ahead, some potential vaccines show promise. The immunization developed by Oxford University and the British-Swedish pharmaceutical company AstraZeneca triggered hopeful outcomes in its clinical trials.

With record low interest rates, pension plan sponsors are likely to turn to pension obligation bonds (POBs) for a variety of reasons other than financing pension benefits through debt issuance. POBs may be used to smooth increasing payments or alter the length of the payment schedule and possibly defer costs to future years (For more information, see "Pension Brief: POBs See Increasing Activity in Low-Interest-Rate Environment," Oct. 14, 2020).

He also said Barrick had the "strongest balance sheet in the mining industry."

Singapore — China may open up its borders to seaborne coal and set price ceiling for Chinese coal in an attempt to cool domestic coal prices, according to a meeting note seen by S&P Global Platts Dec. 15 that took place between China's National Development and Reform Commission, or NDRC and eight state-owned Chinese utilities on Dec. 12.

London — The latest addition to Italy's numerous sources of gas supply, the Trans Adriatic Pipeline (TAP), has yet to make a big impact on the country's gas mix, according to data from S&P Global Platts Analytics.

Moscow — Azerbaijan is not planning to ship crude to Belarus in May, a spokesman for Azerbaijan's state-owned oil and gas company Socar said May 12, in the wake of tightening of US sanctions against Belarus.

Global carbon emissions from energy generation plummeted more than 6% last year when activity screeched to a halt during lockdowns, marking the biggest decline ever recorded. The oil and gas industry became burdened with oversupply and tumbling demand, while wind, solar, and hydropower generation climbed 50% worldwide.

Members of the U.S. LNG sector have begun responding to concerns over greenhouse gas emissions in the natural gas supply chain by competing to offer the cleanest supplies. Cheniere Energy Inc., the top LNG exporter in the U.S., has launched a series of climate initiatives focused on measuring the emissions from wellhead to delivery point of gas associated with its LNG.

Repsol had 2.1 billion boe of fully consolidated and equity accounted developed and undeveloped oil and gas reserves at the end of last year.

ABC Steel Co.’s operations are mainly in Southeast Asia, and the company is one of the largest steel producers globally. ABC primarily manufactures integrated steel products and sells them around the world.

Central banks are shifting gears by actively supervising climate-related financial risks and firms will need to demonstrate their ability to understand and manage these risks. Part of this will also be ensuring firms hold sufficient capital requirements.

Nearly 20 Japanese companies — including Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc. and Mizuho Financial Group Inc. — launched a study group in June to explore an ESG disclosure framework and a set of indicators that will reflect local characteristics such as an aging population and higher life expectancy, according to a spokesman at Hitachi Ltd., a Japanese electronics conglomerate leading the ESG framework project.

Oil rallied in the final minutes of trading after the Tass news service reported that Russia would be willing to cut 1.6 million b/d from its Q1 production level. Crude futures shot to session highs following the report, with Brent and WTI jumping around $1.20/b and $1.60/b respectively.

While the S&P 500’s Energy sector suffered sharp losses in 2020—declining 37.3% largely due to the prolonged implications of April’s oil price crash, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence—the tide turned toward year-end. Energy stocks outperformed the broader market in the fourth quarter, with the S&P 500 Energy Index up 27.8% compared to the S&P 500 gains of 12.1%.

Incorporating environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors in credit risk analysis is fast becoming an international best practice and is a mandatory requirement of the European Banking Authority (EBA) Guidelines on Loan Origination and Monitoring that came into effect on 30th June 2021. [1]

Iraq's compliance to its OPEC+ quotas, which have come under question in recent years, improved sharply, rising to 102%. June crude production fell to 3.94 million b/d on the back of lower exports and declining oil stocks.

An industry-led hydropower sustainability standard was launched Sept. 8 at the World Hydropower Congress, aimed at certifying hydro projects around the world under environmental, social and governance performance metrics.

Challis said it is understandable that there are doubts around the private sector genuinely participating in the housing sector with social purpose. "The long shadow of corporate self-interest as demonstrated by the global financial crisis means that the public sector is naturally skeptical of institutional money taking a return, a profit, for providing affordable housing."

In a recent webinar I moderated, Brie Williams of State Street Global Advisors joined me to discuss how environmental, social, and governance (ESG) data and investing are now at an important turning point. During that webinar, we answered some advisor questions.

SPACs are dominating U.S. markets this year. In the third quarter alone, entities classified as blank-check companies accounted for 56.3% of initial public offerings (IPOs) in U.S. markets, up 26% from the same period a year earlier, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence.

We see ESG credit factors for SocGen to be broadly in line with that of the industry and country peers. We think that the group's diversified and international business profile leaves it exposed to a wide range of nonfinancial risks, notably reputational, compliances or operational ones.

The COVID-19 pandemic created a cascading series of cataclysms, beginning in March, for oil markets. Economic shutdowns led to the sharpest plunge in global oil demand on record as the coronavirus containment measures constricted mobility.

Russia, the world's largest wheat exporter, exhausted its grain export quota for April-June in April, a development some reports said could raise supply concerns. Russia is the mail supplier of wheat to Egypt.

London — Poland's PGNiG said Thursday it has been given the right to join a procedure examining whether to allow the controversial Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline to be exempted from certain EU energy legislation.

European natural gas prices have surged after Russia’s Gazprom reportedly reduced supplies to below pre-pandemic levels. That follows the completion of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline and waiving of U.S. sanctions linked to the project’s developers.

The meeting, which would have assessed members' compliance in the final month of oil production cuts, was scheduled for March 18.

The UK supports Russia's Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline project to Germany but is less exposed to Russian supply than other countries in Europe and does not need its own long-term storage facility, UK Secretary of State for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Kwasi Kwarteng told a parliamentary committee Sept. 22.

Copyright © 2018 S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC. All rights reserved.

As of May 31, 2021, we've completed 83 ESG evaluations, including seven new evaluations. We published five new ESG evaluations and published an update on one evaluation.

California reported the greatest number of new coronavirus cases of any state on Aug. 20—9,134 new infections in 24 hours, according to Johns Hopkins University data—as the pandemic has infected more people in Los Angeles County than in any other county across the U.S. during the entirety of the crisis. More than 367 wildfires, 23 of them major and all caused by an unusual storm that produced roughly 11,000 lightning strikes, are currently raging across the state.

OPEC, Russia and nine other partners in the coalition known as OPEC+ are now back at the negotiating table, hoping to not only salvage a deal on output cuts but also widen it to other major producing countries, including the US, Canada, Brazil and Norway, as the coronavirus pandemic continues to eat away at global oil demand. Oil prices have fallen 70% since the failed March 6 meeting.

China's increased demand for commodities led it to become a key trading partner for Central Asia. China's investment-led economic boom over the past few decades has relied heavily on imports of commodities, including oil and natural gas.

The country's hydrogen strategy sees Russia as one of the world leaders in production and exports of hydrogen, targeting 20% of the global market by 2030 with hydrogen exports of 2 million mt/year by 2035 and 15-50 million mt/year by 2050.

According to news agency Belta, the Belarus energy ministry wants Gazprom's subsidiary in the country, Gazprom Transgaz Belarus, to provide a methodology for determining the monthly calorific value of Russian gas deliveries.

Carbon offsets, also referred to as carbon credits, are everywhere. Purchased by companies in either mandatory, compliance, or voluntary markets, the sustainable finance instruments emphasize avoiding nature loss like deforestation; improving nature-based sequestration, including reforestation; avoiding emissions, including methane from cows and landfills; and the direct removal of CO2 from the atmosphere through carbon capture and other means.

Environmental risks are somewhat elevated for Palm Beach County given its location along Florida's southeastern coast, which makes it more susceptible to weather events and the effects of climate change. However, the county established an office of resilience (OOR) department and is a member of several organizations that plan and integrate capital improvements over the longer term to protect the property tax base from environmental risks.

Maggie is Senior Director, ESG Client Engagement, North America at S&P Dow Jones Indices (S&P DJI). In her role, she assists in the strategy for developing ESG indices for the North American market, from best-in-class approaches like the world-renowned Dow Jones Sustainability Index to broad-market ESG alternatives and core solutions like the S&P 500® ESG Index.

Our analysis considers a transaction's potential exposure to ESG credit factors. For RMBS, we view the exposure to environmental credit factors as average, social credit factors as above average, and governance credit factors as below average (see "ESG Industry Report Card: Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities").

Australia-headquartered international building product and construction material group Boral has above-average exposure to environmental risks, given that its operations are resource-intensive, including various quarrying activities and cement operations. At sites where the company extracts natural resources or manufacture products, it has obligations related to site rehabilitation or clean-up of contamination.

A second Russian vessel has now begun laying the almost-complete Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline in Danish waters, the pipeline development company said April 27, in a move likely to accelerate the final work on the Russia-Germany link.

Singapore — 0242 GMT: Crude oil futures retreated from overnight highs during mid-morning trade in Asia Friday on lingering doubts of a potential supply cut, with the US, Saudi Arabia and Russia having provided mixed indications on the matter.

Iraq struggled for most of 2020 to comply with its OPEC+ quota amid a low oil price environment, the pandemic and a financial crisis gripping the country, drawing fire from other OPEC+ members.

** Russian oil company Lukoil started the construction of a polypropylene unit at its refinery near Nizhny Novgorod, also known as Norsi and Kstovo. The unit will use feedstock from the two upgraded FCC units with 4 million mt/year capacity.

A partial recovery in European power prices is expected between 2021 and 2023 as demand rebounds and more coal and nuclear power plants are shut down, but forecast prices are now about 20% below November 2019 estimates, S&P Global Ratings said June 9. This was despite a drastic cut in French nuclear power production rates over the next three years, the ratings agency said in a semi-annual report.

In early June, coverage of the environmental damage caused by a major gasoil leak at a facility owned by Nornickel in Russia’s Arctic region shocked both domestic and international audiences. Russian President Vladimir Putin declared a state of emergency, and ordered lawmakers to strengthen environmental legislation.

What's next? South Korea will likely alter its crude oil procurement and trading strategy if the sanctions on Tehran are lifted, with Mexican and Russian suppliers poised to lose a big portion of their market share in the world's fifth largest crude importer.Major South Korean refiners said Maya and Urals could lose out when Iranian oil returns to the international market.

Crews install one of two turbines for Dominion Energy's Coastal Virginia Offshore Wind project off the coast of Virginia Beach, Va. Dominion Energy plans to invest billions in offshore wind as it pivots away from natural gas pipelines and slashes greenhouse gas emissions. Source: Dominion Energy Inc.
Dominion Energy Inc. pointed to the growing importance of environmental, social and governance practices as one of the "key considerations" in weighing the sale of its midstream gas assets and narrowing its focus on cleaner energy resources.

But there are new emerging health threats — dengue fever being one — which I think also speaks to the connectivity between climate changes and the impact of planetary health and human health. We have a drug development candidate for dengue fever and we need to understand how the disease is evolving.

The growing focus on environmental, social, and governance (ESG) risks and opportunities that forced changes across oil majors’ boards and institutional investor divestments could affect demand and pricing for oil and gas companies' new debt issuance, according to S&P Global Ratings. Better credit is available to oil companies that produce less carbon, according to S&P Global Ratings, which found in recent research that oil companies pay more for capital in the bond market when they release more emissions.

➤ Pandemic recovery needs to be linked to green and social investment
➤ Data gap on climate exposure critical for risk management
➤ Fossil fuel transition needs medium-term approach
Antoni Ballabriga is global head of responsible business at one of Spain's largest banks, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, SA, which also owns Mexico’s biggest bank, Grupo Financiero BBVA Bancomer SA de CV. He also serves also co-chair of United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative Global Steering Committee and is chair of the European Banking Federation’s sustainable finance committee.

The federal fiscal and policy response to the pandemic insulated credit quality across U.S. public finance. The roughly $1 trillion ($550 billion in new funding) Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, signed into law last month, was another positive development and represents an important shift in funding U.S. infrastructure.

Moscow — Russia produced 42.81 million mt of crude and condensate in April, equivalent to around 10.46 million b/d, according to preliminary data released by the central dispatching unit of the Russian energy ministry on May 2.

* Banco de México, the country's central bank, along with the CNBV financial regulator, will extend liquidity facilities for banks for another six months amid ongoing uncertainty from the COVID-19 pandemic, according to a press release from the central bank's liquidity regulatory committee. The committee recognized that the measures determined at the onset of the pandemic to ease liquidity requirements have contributed to an orderly functioning of banks' funding and contributed to the efficient flow of liquidity.

Over 70% of Russian gold comes from gold deposits. Polymetallic deposits (copper-pyrite, copper-nickel, etc) provided about 12% of production.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. The Chinese financial technology firm Ant Group Co. is set to raise roughly $34.4 billion on the Shanghai STAR Board and Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

Fewer than one in five mining leaders globally are women, according to a recent analysis by S&P Global Market Intelligence. Abbi Vermey, founder and director of Acacia International, and Anita Ziemer, executive director of Slade Group, both said Moneghetti is the first ASX company with an all-female board to their knowledge.

The pandemic has also brought to light the materiality of ESG-related risks and the deep linkages between businesses and their stakeholders across the value chains.

Brussels — Russia's Nord Stream 2 gas link developer has lost its court case against changes that apply EU gas market rules to the EU section of offshore links with non-EU countries.

As in every other gas market, it is the most expensive supply route that sets the day-ahead price of a hub, and for Italy, this is the Transitgas pipeline, which crosses Switzerland and links to Italy at Passo Gries. Importing even small spot volumes via this pipeline can cause Italian spot prices to increase their premium versus the reference Dutch TTF gas hub.

Within Congress’s $3.5 trillion budget reconciliation package, Democrats have pushed for the inclusion of tax incentives for clean energy, manufacturing, and transportation. Clean energy advocates have called for the addition of tax incentives for stand-alone energy storage, high-voltage transmission projects, and transmission investment alongside the allowance of direct cash payments over clean energy tax credits for all companies, including energy providers without tax obligations.

Pricing carbon emissions through national, regional, and global carbon markets is likely one of the most enduring ways to drive the future of energy, according to the Atlas of Energy Transition. Investment has surged into wind and solar resources, which have become the cheapest form of energy on the planet.

Imports from Canada of billet, slabs and foundry alloys to the US totaled 95,421 mt, up 185.68% year on year, as alloyed aluminum from Canada could flow into the US duty free and would not fall under the USTR guidance import levels that were set in 2020. Year-to-date imports of slab from Canada were up just over 85% as the tightening scrap market has forced some mills to go out into the spot market for more primary and slab to keep the chemistry mix of products.

Ukraine's state-owned gas company Naftogaz Ukrayiny is in talks with the US on what further measures could be taken to prevent the controversial Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline from Russia to Germany from being completed, Naftogaz CEO Andriy Kobolyev said late Tuesday.

** Russia's Safmar Group continues with upgrades at the Afipsky and Orsk refineries, it said March 2021. At the start of March Safmar Group signed with the energy ministry investment agreements regarding the construction of deep processing units at the two plants.

"The staple Middle Eastern condensate and light sour grades are in favor ... Japan is also one of the very rare buyer of [Saudi Arabia's] Arab Super Light crude," said a source at a Japanese integrated trading firm with close knowledge of regional condensate and light crude trade flows.

Last year, U.S. insurers expanded their equity investments in COVID-19 vaccines. Now, on the global stage, a surge of new insurance and insurtech companies have recently debuted in the marketplace worldwide, marking the highest recorded value for the sector since the first quarter of 2016—totaling approximately $1.88 billion from eight initial public offerings in the first quarter of this year, according to an S&P Global Market Intelligence analysis.

The acquisition of the CSA further positioned S&P Global as a premier resource for ESG data, ratings, benchmarks, and insights globally. This has led to enhanced product offerings and innovations across all divisions for corporates and the capital markets.

In April 2021, the S&P Global Clean Energy Index underwent changes to reduce constituent concentration, ease liquidity limitations, and improve index replication. The total number of constituents rose, and the weighting scheme was modified.

Average employment levels held relatively flat in the Northern Appalachia, Central Appalachia and Illinois Basin regions, but production ticked upward in the first quarter of 2021. Miners in all three of those regions can often tap into seaborne coal demand, and some of those in the Appalachia regions are becoming more focused on metallurgical coal.

In a statement March 18, Blinken repeated the US stance that Nord Stream 2 was a bad deal for Germany, for Ukraine, and for the US' Central and Eastern European allies and partners.

As the COVID-19 pandemic intensified in the Americas within H1 2020, we saw a sharp drop in deal activity – resulting in record low deal activity in Latin America.

According to the analysis, published March 18, 45% of FTSE 100 companies currently have an ESG measure in either their annual bonus targets or their long-term incentive plans, also known as LTIP. Of the 100 companies, 37% include an ESG measure in their bonus plan with an average weighting of 15%, while 19% include them in their LTIP with an average weighting of 16%.

We calculate average HFA equity as $1.02 billion in 2020, compared with $948 million in 2019--a 7.6% increase. This outpaced growth in the average HFA asset base, which increased by 6.7% year over year to $3.8 billion amid the expansion of loan and investment portfolios.

"I would like to assure that we and Russia would like a oil price which is fair to consumers and to producers," Saudi foreign minister Prince Faisal bin Farhan said at a press briefing with Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov in Riyadh. "This is what OPEC+ looks to achieve and there is good coordination in this initiative and we continue in working to support what benefits the global economy."

What of the constituents? As of the 2021 rebalance, 315 constituents made it into the S&P 500 ESG Index, as 190 constituents were not included (79 were ineligible and 111 were eligible but not selected).

Gazprom is also looking to expand its LNG production capacity and is building a new 13 million mt/year LNG export facility at Ust-Luga in northwest Russia to add to its 10.8 million mt/year Sakhalin LNG facility.

Moldova is not an insignificant gas market -- Gazprom sold a total of 3.05 Bcm of gas to the country in 2020, putting it on a par with the likes of Belgium and Greece as a sizeable market for Russian gas supplies.

The coronavirus pandemic is expected to decimate energy demand across the world by 6% this year, an "unprecedented decline" that will hit hardest in advanced economies including the U.S. and Europe, the International Energy Agency said April 30. The forecast would mean energy demand — most significantly for coal, oil and gas — is set to decline at seven times the rate seen after the global financial crisis of 2008, a drop on par with losing the entire energy demand of India.

The kingdom has been cutting its oil production more than agreed under the OPEC+ accord as other nations including Iraq and Nigeria produced more than their quotas. OPEC and 10 other countries led by Russia agreed in December to deepen their cuts to 1.7 million b/d in January through March, up from 1.2 million b/d for last year.

Quality concerns for Russian wheat are also seen pushing Australian wheat prices much higher than that of Russian and Ukrainian wheat. On July 23, FOB price of 12.5% protein wheat was at $246.25/mt while FOB price of 11.5% protein wheat was at $234.75/mt.

What's happening? OPEC+ agreed Dec. 2 to go ahead with a 400,000 b/d production increase for January, despite concerns over the impact of the omicron variant and the release of coordinated strategic petroleum reserves.

Singapore — Asian petrochemical prices nosedived to historic lows Monday, crippled by plunging crude oil values amid the havoc caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and an oil price war between Saudi Arabia and Russia.

London — OPEC+ ministers are considering moving up their meeting to June 4 instead of the previously scheduled June 9-10, so that July nominations can factor in any changes to oil production quotas, according to people familiar with the discussions.

"The declaration unreservedly supports the fundamental role of long-term gas contracts as well as the gas pricing based on oil/oil products indexation, to ensure stable investments in the development of natural gas resources," it said.

Cloud Peak Energy, which has since sold its assets through a bankruptcy coal auction, mines coal from the Antelope coal mine in the Powder River Basin. Insurers around the world have been rolling out policies that exclude fossil fuels, and pressure is mounting for U.S. insurers to do the same.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. On Feb. 2 of this year, countries around the world began to limit global air travel.

What's next? Australia's wheat exports are likely to rise further significantly as Russia, the world's largest wheat exporter, is expected to introduce export quotas on wheat in a move to keep domestic food inflation in check.

Indices that integrate environmental, social, and governance (ESG) data are moving from the margins to the mainstream, as investors increasingly seek to align their values with their investments. A new type of ESG index is emerging to facilitate this change in Mexico: the S&P/BMV Total Mexico ESG Index.

In February, Arctic temperatures froze Texas, plunging millions of Americans unaccustomed to frigid cold into darkness with neither heat nor electricity, forced oil, gas, and petrochemical production offline, sent gas prices soaring, and nearly caused system-wide energy grid failures. Power grid operators’ struggle to prevent outages during extreme weather brought the potential long-term problems of accelerating physical effects of climate change to the forefront, and prompted calls to modernize energy grids across the U.S.

The surprise decision in early June by Denmark to withdraw the permit for the Danish section of the 10 Bcm/year Baltic Pipe gas link could see Poland stay in the market for Russian gas past the end of its long-term contract with Gazprom.

Wholesale natural gas prices for next winter in Europe have reached their highest levels in 13 years, as a slow but ongoing tightening of Russian supply looks set to cause a storage crunch on the continent, S&P Global Platts analysis found.

Launched in 1999, the DJSI World represents the gold standard for corporate sustainability and is the first global index to track the leading sustainability-driven companies based on RobecoSAM’s analysis of financially material Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) factors and S&P DJI’s robust index methodology. Every year, RobecoSAM assesses the world’s largest companies via its Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA), which uses a consistent, rules-based methodology to convert an average of 600 data points per company into one overall score.

The ESG Evaluation is a forward-looking, qualitative and data-driven assessment of an entity's ESG performance and preparedness for future risks and opportunities. It draws on insights from S&P Global Ratings' network of credit analysts, plus S&P Global Trucost’s product offering and information from public bodies and non-governmental organizations, such as the U.N. Principles for Responsible Investment and the Carbon Disclosure Project.

The S&P Global Platts OPEC survey, which has been published since 1988, measures wellhead crude oil production in each member country. In 2020, Platts began estimating production from the non-OPEC members of the OPEC+ alliance.

"Crude oil prices lost momentum as sentiment was hurt by concerns that the emergence of restrictions and lockdowns in Russia and eastern Europe due to rising coronavirus cases could threaten the global economic recovery and crude oil demand," ANZ research analysts said Oct 22.

S&P Global (NYSE: SPGI) and RobecoSAM, an affiliate of Robeco, announced today that S&P Global will acquire the ESG Ratings Business from RobecoSAM which includes the widely followed SAM* Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA) – an annual evaluation of companies' sustainability practices. The CSA is recognized as one of the most advanced ESG scoring methodologies, as it draws upon 20 years of experience analyzing sustainability's impact on a company's long-term value creation.

Raiffeisen plans to expand its activity in wind and solar technologies. It aims to increase the share of Austrian corporate loans to environmental, social and governance-compliant investments to about 33% from 10% by 2025.

With global gas and LNG prices at record lows -- from the Henry Hub in the US, to the TTF in Europe and the JKM in northeast Asia -- the question is who will move to limit supply first to let prices recover, and suffer lost market share in the process.

Although Russia ratified the Paris Climate Agreement in September, Russian interests are focused on developing power equipment manufacturing, social welfare and security of supply, the December 4 report said.

The S&P GSCI index, which tracks futures for 24 raw materials, rose 6.2% month over month to trim its full-year losses to slightly above 6% from 11.6% in November 2020. Energy commodities was the main laggard in 2020 due to the impact of the pandemic on global oil demand as well as the price war between Saudi Arabia and Russia earlier in the year.

The weakened ruble in theory should also provide additional incentive for Russian coal miners to increase coal exports, but they continue to face logistical challenges, blocking off chances for them to capitalize on a favorable ruble/dollar rate. Russian coal miners were heard to be increasingly looking to diversify coal of different grades, like anthracite and pulverized coal injection, via the country's eastern ports to potential buyers in East Asia, amid ailing European demand.

"The signatories have been [saying] for years that the Nord Stream 2 project is not business driven, [but is rather] a geopolitical project in favor of Russian political interest. Upon completion of the pipeline, Russian natural gas supply will not only by pass Ukraine, but the new route will also lead to a firm grip over Germany by Russia," Simonyi said.

Ever Given, a 224,000-ton mega container ship sailing under the Panama flag, was lodged sideways and ran aground in Egypt’s Suez Canal on March 24 after being swept up in a 40-knot sandstorm that caused a blackout which diminished visibility and navigation. The transportation chokepoint blocked by one of the shipping world’s most monumental vessels connects the Red Sea with the Mediterranean and serves as a primary waterway in the international trade of consumer goods and petroleum products between Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and the U.S.

Russia's PJSC Norilsk Nickel Co. is the largest individual producer of the white metal and had a 39% share of the market in 2018. The company is looking to raise its combined platinum group metals output by as much as 95% from 2017 levels to up to 205 tonnes per annum by 2030.

We see ArcelorMittal's exposure to ESG risks as in line with that of the metal & mining industry. Similar to other steel producers, the company has a large carbon footprint.

Telecommunications networks are getting faster and more powerful. But they are also getting more energy efficient.

Fears of oil disruptions in the region have risen after a US drone strike killed top Iranian commander Qassem Soleimani in Baghdad last week, sending oil prices above $70/b for the first time since September. Iran retaliated Wednesday attacking military bases with US soldiers in Iraq, though US President Donald Trump said afterwards the US was ready to "embrace peace with all who seek it," cooling the oil market.

Costa Caldis, COO of SAFE Supply, a supply chain traceability company, told S&P Global Platts: "As the world moves towards sustainability there is no denying the fact that investors are increasingly crying out for ESG-linked vehicles to park their money. The increased requirements will incur costs for companies in terms of increased reporting and auditing.

Our rating analysis considers a transaction's potential exposure to ESG credit factors. For RMBS, we view the exposure to environmental credit factors as average, social credit factors as above average, and governance credit factors as below average.

According to the Indian oil minister Hardeep Singh Puri, Indian oil companies have already invested about $16 billion in the Russian oil and gas sector, and Russia invested the same amount in India.

Amid near-zero or even negative real yields in developed markets, investors have turned to emerging markets. Our "Emerging Market" series provides our macroeconomic and credit views of three sub-regions of Asia, EMEA, and Latin America.

Oil and Gas Producer (OGP) is a state-owned, midsize hydrocarbon producer that operates globally with a focus on emerging markets. Sound corporate governance is the main factor supporting our ESG Evaluation score of 57 along with adequate preparedness.

This university is a twenty-year user of services from S&P Global Market Intelligence (“Market Intelligence”), including Compustat® Fundamentals that provides standardized global company fundamental and market data for active and inactive publicly traded companies. This was being accessed through WRDS, a bulk data delivery option offered in partnership with Wharton Research Data Services.

As the U.S. deals with historic wildfires and a one-two punch of tropical storms, signs that that the country’s climate risk is compounding are becoming undeniable. In the Western U.S., California is sweating under soaring temperatures at the highest levels ever recorded, and dozens of wildfires have burned more than 1 million acres with no reprieve in sight.

The preliminary ratings assigned to TRK 2021-INV1 Trust's (TRK 2021-INV1) mortgage pass-through certificates series 2021-INV1 reflect our view of: The pool's collateral composition (see the Collateral Summary section below); The transaction's credit enhancement, associated structural mechanics, geographic concentration, and representation and warranty (R&W) framework; The mortgage aggregator and mortgage originators; and The impact that the economic stress brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic will likely have on the performance of the mortgage borrowers in the pool (see "Economic Outlook U.S. Q3 2021: Sun, Sun, Sun, Here It Comes," published June 24, 2021) and the liquidity available in the transaction. Our rating analysis considers a transaction's potential exposure to ESG credit factors.

Arguments over the fuel mix of the future and assertions that one fuel type is better than another must end and give way to meaningful discussions about getting every sector of the energy industry on a path to net-zero emissions, an energy security and climate change expert said March 1 at the CERAWeek by IHS Markit conference, held virtually.

China's July data show private demand remains soft, the recovery is still unbalanced, and core inflation is falling. Optimism about the recovery and a change in tone from policymakers had ushered in expectations of tighter monetary policies, and real interest rates have risen.

London — The Akademik Cherskiy pipe-laying vessel, which is expected to complete construction of Russia's Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline, is now heading toward the Suez Canal, S&P Global Platts trade flow software cFlow showed Thursday, suggesting Europe is its final destination.

Which doesn't mean these countries -- Turkey, Bulgaria, Greece, North Macedonia, Serbia, and Bosnia and Herzegovina -- are any less dependent on Russian gas given that TurkStream has only changed the direction in which the gas arrives to market.

The new duties system will take 15% as a base and involve a metal-specific rate, and will apply to exports of some of the steelmaking raw materials, semi-finished and rolled-steel products and primary forms of copper, nickel and aluminum. This will add to the state budget Rb113-114 billion ($1.6 billion) from export duties on ferrous metals and Rb50 billion ($700 million) from duties on non-ferrous metals, according to Russian Ministry of Economic Development.

Most of the rig count decreases this past week came from oil rigs, which totaled 687 on Thursday, a decrease of three, while gas-oriented rigs stood at 148, unchanged on the week.

As the benefits of gender-diverse leadership become ignorable, public companies will continue to face pressure from investors to act accordingly. The first episode of our Change Pays podcast explores how S&P Global’s Women’s Research Council assigned gender to data through a proprietary algorithm that is now in the process of being developed into a potential product by Kensho.

** Gazprom Neft said it has chosen Tecnicas Reunidas for the building of a delayed coker at its Moscow refinery. Construction of the delayed coker, which is part of the deep processing complex, will be completed in 2025.

Nornickel -- which owns the facility -- blamed the leak of highly sulfurous "winter gasoil" on soil subsidence and thawing permafrost. Melting subterranean ice has been flagged as a risk to oil pipelines and infrastructure globally, especially in oil-rich areas bordering the Arctic Circle from Alaska to Siberia.

Finally, the SPAC craze shows no sign of slowing. More U.S. blank-check companies listed in the first 70 days of 2021 than in the whole of 2020.

This commentary is written by Martin Fridson, a high-yield market veteran who is chief investment officer of Lehmann Livian Fridson Advisors LLC, as well as a contributing analyst to S&P Global Market Intelligence. As part of our recent exploration of the impact of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) principles on the high-yield market (part 1 / part 2 / part 3), we surveyed managers on their responses to clients’ expressed interest in ESG-minded investing.

Russian fuel oil output totaled 3.225 million mt in April, down 7.5% on the year and 14.2% on the month.

On Nov. 4, OPEC+ stood firm on boosting crude output quotas by a modest 400,000 b/d for December, despite lobbying from the US, India and Japan for more volumes to bring surging oil prices down. The next OPEC+ meeting is scheduled for Dec. 2.

In this edition, we take a close look at the year-to-date performance of the U.S. stock market, which has become an unlikely haven for investors as inflation surges to levels not seen in decades. Since the start of 2021, the S&P 500 has jumped more than 25%.

Additional extreme climate events have recently occurred elsewhere with similarly destructive outcomes: Wildfires that raged across California last summer and are burning in Oregon left millions without power, the polar vortex that froze Texas this winter destabilized critical energy infrastructure, and some scientists believe sea level rise could have been a factor in the condo collapse in Florida last month. No longer “black swan” events, the increasing physical risks of climate change are propelling heightened interest in climate risk analytics and greater attention on governments’ climate action.

In this edition, we take a closer look at bank merger-and-acquisition activity in the U.S. After a very quiet 2020, Ohio saw three bank deals announced in June alone. On fundamental banking performance, the state's community banks largely lagged the broader industry during the first quarter.

Roughly two weeks after recovering the entirety of the losses sustained during the pandemic and following nine days of historic highs, the S&P 500 tumbled 3.5% on Sept. 3 as technology stocks tanked. The Nasdaq Composite Index fell approximately 5.0% and the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 2.8%, or 807.77 points.

After reopening to tourists on July 15, the Maldives – a nation of islands in the Indian Ocean – has seen a resurgence in coronavirus cases. The 215 new cases confirmed on Sunday brought the total to 4,164.

Also, Evraz plans to recycle half its mining waste by 2030 and utilize 75% of methane (CH4) emitted in the process of degassing carried out during coking coal mining in Russia. It has already started burning methane, but going forward plans to utilize it as fuel for in-house electricity generation.

By mid-April, when the majority of Americans were under lockdown orders one month into the outbreak, executives and board members from at least 90 U.S. companies forwent the remainder of their full-year salaries, gave up their bonuses, or reduced their overall short-term compensation in efforts of avoiding laying off or furloughing their employees, according to an S&P Global Market Intelligence analysis. “Bonuses and variable pay were either cancelled or postponed, while the fixed pay of senior executives, and CEOs in particular, were significantly reduced.

In this edition, we take a close look at the surge in electric-vehicle sales fueled by skyrocketing demand in Europe, China and the U.S. This year's EV fever has set the stage for the latest phase of cross-sector innovation and development as manufacturers shake up the supply chain with new technologies.

The moves set the stage for the agency to begin considering a full rulemaking on climate disclosure. Biden pledged on the campaign trail to make companies disclose their climate risks and emissions levels.

Typically, we assess the midstream industry as higher risk than the utility industry, even when the midstream assts are high-quality assets with long-term contracts. The midstream industry is exposed to commodity risks, counterparty credit risks, volumetric risks, and associated environmental, social, and governance (ESG) risks.

Asia-Pacific economies—particularly Hong Kong, Singapore, and those in Southeast Asia—have responded in differing ways to the swell of SPAC activity across the region that raised $2.4 billion last year, up from 2019's $613 million, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence. Post-Brexit Britain is looking to relax its rules surrounding SPACs to compete with Amsterdam’s financial industry.

The International Monetary Fund (IMF) now projects the global economy to expand 5.5% this year and 4.2% next year due to "additional policy support in a few large economies and expectations of a vaccine-powered strengthening of activity later in the year, which outweigh the drag on near-term momentum due to rising infections." In its updated outlook on Jan. 26, the organization projected that the U.S. economy will grow 5.1%, the euro area 4.2%, and China 8.1% this year.

The German energy regulator said Sept. 13 that the application by Nord Stream 2 AG -- the operator of the now-complete pipeline from Russia to Germany -- for approval as an independent transmission system operator is now complete.

The first key to the S&P Europe 350 ESG Index is understanding the S&P Europe 350. Introduced by S&P DJI in 1998, the S&P Europe 350 represents the European portion of the S&P Global 1200, which aggregates into one benchmark several other widely followed regional indices, including the S&P 500®, S&P/TSX 60, and other leading indices.

Russian mining and steel companies Severstal and Evraz said June 3 they have signed an agreement with Gazprom Neft, a subsidiary of Russia's Gazprom, with regards to cooperation in developing technologies to produce, transport, store, and use hydrogen and reduce carbon dioxide, or CO2, emissions.

The Union of Gold Producers of Russia urged the government to use funds from the recent sale of a controlling stake of PAO Sberbank of Russia to bolster the country's beleaguered gold industry, Kommersant reported April 14, citing a letter from the union's head to the finance ministry.

A monitoring committee co-chaired by Saudi Arabia and Russia will meet online Feb. 3 to assess member quota compliance and review market forecasts. The full OPEC+ alliance is next scheduled to convene March 4 via videoconference.

As shown in Figure 1, in 2020 real estate companies included in the CSA achieved an average ESG score of 22. Overall, real estate companies in Europe and Asia had the best performance, with average ESG scores of 32 and 27, respectively.

Singapore — Crude oil futures were higher during mid-morning trade in Asia on June 8 even as Iraq reported crude production figures above its OPEC+ quota in May, a day after it agrees to compensate for under-compliance.

In this month’s episode of Root and Branch Nina and Chris discuss Social Bond frameworks, the increasing use of ESG KPIs in bonds, and how Loans are trending to 3 KPIs.

Russian Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Novak discussed oil and green energy cooperation with Saudi officials, including Crown Prince Mohamad bin Salman and Energy Minister Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman, during a working visit to Riyadh Oct. 25, the Russian government said in a statement.

The fallout from the coronavirus pandemic and a host of other global tensions and trade conflicts brewing in recent months have heightened geopolitical risks to energy trade. Harvard University professor Meghan O'Sullivan shares what she sees as the top geopolitical themes likely to persist beyond the pandemic.

Russia's Gazprom has dismissed comments made July 24 by the head of Ukraine's state-owned Naftogaz Ukrayiny about direct Russian gas sales to Ukraine, saying it had not offered to sell gas to its neighbor.

In an interview June 25 with Ukrainian television, Naftogaz CEO Yuriy Vitrenko also said he wanted gas shippers other than Gazprom to be allowed access to Ukraine's gas network for supply to Europe in order to safeguard the system.

The Central Bank of the Russian Federation revoked the licenses of Aljba Alliance Commercial Bank Ltd., JSC ForeBank and Modern Standards of Business Commercial Bank LLC.

The importance of energy security—defined by the International Energy Agency as “the uninterrupted availability of energy sources at an affordable price”—has intensified during the compounding global health, economic, and climate crises. In the short-term, energy security pertains to energy systems’ ability to respond to sudden changes in the supply-demand balance.

Iranian oil exports have been severely constrained since former President Donald Trump pulled the US out of the nuclear pact in May 2018 and reimposed sanctions. Iran's crude production has correspondingly plunged, from a 10-year peak of 3.83 million b/d at the time of the US' withdrawal from the deal to about 2 million b/d in 2020, according to S&P Global Platts estimates.

Singapore's oil trading, bunkering sectors and banking system remains resilient despite the challenges posed by a drop in global demand for energy as well as developments related to Hin Leong Trading, a joint statement by Enterprise Singapore, Monetary Authority of Singapore, and the Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore said late Tuesday.

Since 1944, the outcome of the U.S. presidential election could be predicted with a high level of confidence by looking at the performance of the S&P 500 over the three months preceding polling day. If the S&P 500 rose from July 31 to Oct. 31, the party controlling the White House won the election 82% of the time, according to calculations by S&P Dow Jones Indices.

After tailings dam failures at Mount Polley in 2014, Samarco in 2015 and Feijao in January 2019, the Church of England Pensions Board and the Swedish Council on Ethics urging 683 listed miners to publicly release information on all of their tailings dams was a "game-changing moment" for tailings research, she said.

Sberbank's influence on the Russian banking sector should convince those banks yet to fully commit to ESG that it is not just a fad that can be ignored, said Marushkevich. Currently, 7% of Russian banks already apply ESG principles in their business models, while 67% are preparing for the transition to ESG banking, according to an analysis carried out by the Association of the Banks of Russia.

During a panel discussion at an S&P Global Market Intelligence community banking virtual conference, bankers said they were paying more attention to ESG issues because of demand from communities, investors and boards of directors. But even though banks are feeling more pressure to report ESG progress, a lack of streamlined data points can create challenges.

While ongoing weather troubles in the agriculturally prominent countries are influencing prices of wheat, corn, soybean, and vegetable oils, uncertain weather is likely to cast a shadow on production and price outlook going forward. The US, Canada, and parts of South America and the EU are facing historically dry weather conditions while other parts of the EU reel under devastating floods.

As companies make progress factoring climate risk into their business strategies, the specifics of environmental, social and corporate governance policies are taking shape. However, continuing to educate institutions remains important and many questions remain, including how to best assess investments in private companies not subject to reporting requirements and to the commodities space, according to experts at S&P Global Market Intelligence's "Accelerating Progress on Climate Risk" event at the New York Stock Exchange March 2.

"The energy transition, energy security, and social demands and expectations will have to be managed collectively in order for the United States and the EU to meet climate goals, while satisfying growing energy demand," the council said.

PetroChina currently imports gas through three major pipelines -- the Central Asia gas pipelines with a designed transportation capacity of 55 Bcm/year, the China-Myanmar gas pipeline with a designed transportation capacity of 5 Bcm/year and the northern section of the China-Russia gas pipeline, which is connected with Russia's Power of Siberia gas pipeline.

"There was an exchange of views on the current state of the world oil market, and it was agreed that Russian-American consultations should be held on this subject by energy ministers," the statement said.

The European Commission is believed to prepare an investigation into hot-dipped galvanized coil imports with Turkish and Russian origin, sources told S&P Global Platts June 11.

According to the LBMA's responsible gold guidance, if the result of gold supply due diligence conducted by the association indicates any violations or a high possibility thereof, the refinery should stop processing gold from the origin until it can obtain additional information to confirm or refute the preliminary assessment. The list of violations includes money laundering, terrorist financing, serious human rights abuses, direct or indirect support to illegitimate nonstate armed groups and a fraudulent misrepresentation of the origin of minerals.

According to latest data released by the US Energy Information Administration Oct 6, US commercial crude stocks rose 2.35 million barrels to 420.89 million barrels in the week ended Oct. 1, putting inventories at a four-week high, but still around 7% behind the five-year average. Total motor gasoline inventories increased 3.3 million barrels, while distillate fuel inventories declined by a modest 0.4 million barrels on the week.

In addition to enhancing investors' abilities to analyze companies in general, AI provides companies more power to analyze everything for which they can collect data. This expansiveness is expected to create some challenges for companies that wish to perform well on ESG metrics as they grapple with how to manage this evolving technology.

Disclaimer Copyright © 2020 Asia Index Private Limited. All rights reserved.

Our Key Sustainability Factors identify the most material environmental and social risks assessed in our ESG Evaluation. We assess the materiality of those risks across the industry's value chain and reflect them in the weighting of our environmental and social factors.

The ESG Insider newsletter compiles news and insights on environmental, social and governance developments driving change in business and investment decisions. Subscribe to ourESG Insider newsletter, and listen to the ESG Insider podcastonSoundCloud,SpotifyorApple podcasts.

German cover pools are managed according to the German covered bond legislation, which allows for dynamic management of the cover pool. This may affect the asset composition, the geographical focus of the assets, and the level of overcollateralization (as long as it is above the legal minimum), while issuers may utilize covered bonds more or less depending on their funding needs.

* Iliad's Free activated 7,054 5G sites using the 700 MHz band, Univers Freebox reported. Meanwhile, Bouygues Telecom SA has 2,502 active 5G sites, Orange SA has 1,057 active 5G sites, and Altice Europe unit SFR has 931 active 5G sites.

Nedbank, Standard Bank and FirstRand unit Rand Merchant Bank have all provided financing to the Kusile project, according to Bank Track, a Dutch-based campaign group that monitors commercial banks' financing activities. International banks such as Barclays PLC and JPMorgan Chase & Co. advised on the project, while Deutsche Bank AG, HSBC Holdings PLC and a range of other European lenders provided financing.

London — 1350 GMT: Crude oil futures edged up during afternoon European trade on Jan. 29 after key Russian producers agreed to direct more of their oil into domestic refineries, which could tighten crude exports next month.

The S&P Europe 350 ESG Index had 246 constituents as of April 2021, as companies with low-ESG scores or those companies conducting business activities which are not consistent with ESG norms from the underlying index were excluded. The index offers an improved S&P DJI ESG Score of 6.85%* over the benchmark, as well as a low tracking error of 1.04%.

Colonial halted all pipeline operations May 7 because of a ransomware attack, restricting the primary artery for gasoline and refined products from delivering more than 100 million gal/d of fuels. Colonial stretches more than 5,500 miles from the Houston refining hub to New York Harbor, supplying about 45% of all the gasoline and diesel fuel consumed on the East Coast.

In the U.S., investors are also increasingly calling on companies to disclose their climate plans. In December 2020, Exxon Mobil announced a five-year plan to cut emissions following a campaign by activist investors targeting the company for its failure to address the needs of the long-term energy transition.

Market Intelligence discussed a consultative solution that would deliver actionable insights for divisions across the bank, along with an analytical framework and toolset that the environmental team could use on its own in the future. Market Intelligence would undertake a desk study, followed by an analysis of the bank’s financed emissions, the energy sector, and climate scenarios.

Environmental, social, and governance (ESG) risks are embedded in our project finance ratings and considered in our analysis and forecasts in our construction phase and operations phase assessments, as well as in our transaction structure criteria.

Highlights
Export prices seen rising in near-term as restrictions continue
Russian export tax seen hitting India's overseas sales
After exporting a record quantity of wheat in 2020-21, India's overseas sales of the food grain during the current marketing year are seen declining 10% over the year as localized lockdowns are propping up export prices, sources told S&P Global Platts. Receive daily email alerts, subscriber notes & personalize your experience.

An about 3% cut to rival diamond producer De Beers SA's output guidance for 2020 and 2021 also bodes well for the market balance, following the 11% reduction of Alrosa's forecast in November to an expected 34.3 million carats in 2020, VTB's analysts added.

Barclays announced a new climate policy at the end of March to bring its lending in line with the Paris Agreement on climate change following pressure from shareholders to phase out its financing of fossil fuel companies. The bank had been singled out as a laggard and was the focus of the first shareholder resolution by institutional investors on climate change at a European bank.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. Although the victor of the U.S. presidential election isn’t yet determined, as millions of ballots across the country will be counted in the coming days, the intense contest that has gripped the world wasn’t the referendum on the Trump Administration’s actions during the past three and a half years that Democrats had hoped for.

In terms of demand for ESG investing, we have seen a big shift toward incorporating ESG investing at the institutional level. We have also seen large inflows into ESG funds at the retail level.

The Russian government is considering imposing a tax on foreign companies generating profits from digital services provided in the country, Reuters reported Feb. 10, citing Deputy Finance Minister Alexei Sazanov's interview with accounting company KPMG.

Patrick Murphy, Managing Director of private equity firm AMCI Capital LP, which has its foundations in steel markets and prefers bulk commodities and base metals, was cautious on critical minerals due to opaque markets and the potential for supply to easily overtake demand.

Using the S&P Global ESG Score as a constraint in portfolio alignment the weighted S&P Global ESG Score of an ESG Tilted S&P 500 and ESG Tilted S&P Global 1200 portfolio increases by an average of 24% and 22% respectively, as compared to the benchmark, whilst still largely maintaining the underlying benchmark characteristics.

Building Futures Inc. (BFI)’s operations are based in the U.S. and operate throughout North America. Moreover, about a quarter of the company’s operations come from Europe.

Dubai's premium to ICE Brent crude futures narrowed mid-morning Friday in Asia with Brent's rise overshadowing that of Dubai futures. The June Brent/Dubai Exchange of Futures for Swaps spread was pegged at minus $3.05/b at 0300 GMT Friday, up from minus $3.29/b at 0830 GMT on Thursday.

This article is reprinted from the Indexology blog of S&P Dow Jones Indices. After a long bull market, the COVID-19 pandemic has shaken the financial markets and put the question of how to earn a smooth return stream over a long period of time back on the table.

We have been exploring the “G” component of ESG, and many tech companies in general do not score favorably on the governance front. In a previous blog, we provided a breakdown of the various elements or dimensions that are part of the S&P Dow Jones Indices’ governance score.

As the U.S. economy recovers, the Biden Administration is looking to further strengthen the recovery with an infrastructure funding bill. S&P Global Ratings updated its projections on what impact a $1 trillion investment in infrastructure would have on the economy through 2030.

ESG compliance has become an increasingly hot topic throughout 2019. As investors become more in tune with ESG requirements, miners are reacting to ensure they stay up to date and avoid any backlash.

In making such a deal, which has yet to be finalized, the OPEC+ alliance is heeding Saudi energy minister Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman's calls to keep a tight grip on oil supply, despite warnings from analysts and key consuming countries that the market rally risks impairing a global economy still reeling from the pandemic.

ESG credit factors don't influence Banco Galicia's credit quality more than those of its industry and domestic peers. The Argentinean banking system has a large share of public banks (39% of total assets) that usually have a higher social role, reaching segments of the population and small- to mid-size enterprises (SMEs) that normally private banks don't target.

Disclaimer Copyright © 2019 S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC. All rights reserved.

“Headline inflation across the region is above central bank targets, and in most cases inflation expectations for 2021 and 2022 are also above those levels. While temporary factors—such as the rapid rise in energy prices, supply-side disruptions, and the pass-through of weaker exchange rates on prices of imported goods—certainly play a role, core inflation is also rising rapidly,” S&P Global Ratings said in its outlook.

The popularity of ESG (environmental, social and governance) investments is soaring. But what does it even mean for a company to adopt that label, and how do we weigh one ESG pledge against another?

Backed by 20+ years of exclusive data, Leveraged Commentary & Data (LCD) brings you the latest news and research on the leveraged finance markets. This is a monthly newsletter that brings you select LCD news, trend stories, and data snapshots.

The U.K.-based bank confirmed its plans to restructure its global business by offloading its U.S. assets and prioritizing Eastern expansion, wealth management, and fee-income operations. Europe’s largest bank group by assets will "move the heart of the business to Asia," CEO Noel Quinn said when announcing the bank’s full-year results, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Putin repeated his previous offer to Kiev that Russia could supply gas directly to Ukraine with a 25% discount.

Central banks will have a clear preference for a central bank digital currency (CBDC) model where banks and other financial institutions continue to play a strong role. Based on this assumption, we believe that CBDCs will ultimately have a moderate hit on banks' business models.

Within the S&P 500 and MSCI World, equities with the highest SDG exposure (Tertile 1) outperform those with the lowest (Tertile 3) by 2.1% and 1.6% on average annually, respectively.

A growing movement to push insurers, bankers and others in the financial sector away from coal, oil and other fossil fuels has achieved substantial success in Europe and is expanding in the United States. On Sept. 17, nearly 60 businesses called on U.S. insurers to drop their investments in fossil fuels to avoid worsening the impacts of global climate change.

As part of the strategy, Eurazeo will raise a fund that will target investments in digital infrastructure, transition infrastructure and renewable energies across Europe.

Singapore — 0157 GMT: Crude oil futures were lower in mid morning trade in Asia Monday after OPEC postponed its webinar meeting to discuss potential output cuts to Thursday, from Monday as initially planned.

Oil demand is increasing to pre-pandemic levels. At the same time, the energy transition from petroleum products and other fossil fuels to renewable energy sources is intensifying—with oil majors making net-zero commitments and engaging on environmental issues.

Moscow — Political changes announced in Russia Wednesday raise questions over the country's future collaboration with OPEC, although analysts say they expect President Vladimir Putin — a key advocate of the OPEC-led oil production cut agreement — to retain influence over Russian energy policy.

To date, institutional investor retrenchment from the Canadian oil and gas industry has been less direct than the shareholder activism that has occurred in the U.S. Some large foreign institutional investors have reduced their investment in several Canadian oil and gas companies, particularly those focused on oil sands development and production, due to their concerns about the producers' ability to reduce their emissions profiles.

“We expect the municipal sustainable debt market to grow in 2021, building on momentum and substantial growth in social and sustainability labeled bonds,” S&P Global Ratings said in a report this week. “We estimate municipal green-labeled debt issuance of about $18 billion and total municipal sustainable debt issuance potentially surpassing $30 billion.”

Within European generation, Swedish nuclear saw the biggest decline in 2020 (falling 5 TWh to 11.5 TWh), while hydro and coal registered slight gains to 13.8 TWh and 13.5 TWh, respectively.

"The outlook revisions have been predicated on a combination of factors, including uncertainty surrounding the local service area economy in light of the recession," said S&P Global Ratings credit analyst Edward McGlade. While these outlook revisions apply to credits that previously carried positive outlooks, they correspond with the negative outlook revision we took on the entire Public Utilities Sector on April 1, 2020, which highlighted the sector's vulnerability to the potential negative economic effects presented by the COVID-19 pandemic.

While the majority of hydrogen currently in production is generated from fossil fuels—most common is grey hydrogen from natural gas, and cheapest is brown hydrogen from coal—low-carbon hydrogen is being lauded for its usefulness and versatility across the energy value chain. Market participants are focusing their technological development largely on blue and green hydrogen, created from natural gas through carbon capture and renewable energy to drive emissions-reduction efforts.

"A key plank of our Build Back Better Recovery Plan is building a modern, resilient climate infrastructure and clean energy future that will create millions of good-paying union jobs — not $7, $8, $10, $12 an hour, but prevailing wage and benefits," said Biden. He said millions of Americans can have jobs working on modernizing water systems, transportation, and energy infrastructure to withstand the impacts of climate change.

Oil spills are common in Russia . Rosprirodnadzor estimates that in 2019, latest data available, there were 819 oil leaks, covering a total area of 93.6 hectares.

Transneft added that a storm warning is in effect at the Baltic ports of Ust-Luga and Primorsk, other key export routes for Urals crude. The storm warning has been in place since 23:00 Moscow time (2030 GMT) on Sept. 12.

Despite taking action to recruit and promote diversity, no U.S. megabank has ever been led by a woman—but banking’s boys club is about to change. Jane Fraser, a 16-year veteran of Citigroup—who oversaw its Latin American operations and now serves as president of the firm heading its consumer-banking division—will succeed Michael Corbat as chief executive officer of the U.S.’s third-largest bank.

Russia's participation in the OPEC+ crude production agreement limited Rosneft's output in 2019.

When it comes to the proportion of women holding management positions, the figures are even more striking. Only 5.5% of companies in the S&P Latin America LargeMidCap have more than 50% of management positions held by women.

In the staggered, often stunning capital markets recovery in the second quarter of 2020, abetted by what was largely implicit Fed support, bond issuance across the ratings spectrum soared to new records and loan issuance slowed to a crawl, though the balance between the two pillars of the leveraged finance segment – leveraged loans and high-yield bonds – improved somewhat in June. For the first time since the throes of the Great Recession in 2009, the second quarter produced more secured high-yield bond issuance ($54.8 billion) than institutional loan volume ($44.4 billion), with loans accounting for 45% of the total.

As more states reverse plans for reopening and the U.S. government negotiates the next round of emergency stimulus to keep the economic recovery on track, recent real-time economic data continues to be mixed. While total COVID-19 cases in the U.S. have topped 5 million, the number of new cases has fortunately slowed recently, through Aug. 8.

London — The developer of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline said Monday it would consider its options for "further action" in its bid to be exempted from new EU rules on non-EU gas links after the German regulator's preliminary decision that it planned not to grant the project a derogation.

Our analysis considers a transaction's potential exposure to ESG credit factors. For RMBS, we view the exposure to environmental credit factors as average, social credit factors as above average, and governance credit factors as below average (see "ESG Industry Report Card: Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities", published on March 31, 2021).

Moderna executives said on their earnings call this week that the company’s COVID-19 vaccine generated $1.7 billion in sales in the first quarter, and now project that full-year sales may total $19.2 billion. Surpassing analysts' estimates, Pfizer reported an 8% increase in revenue in January-March.

The US Department of Agriculture has pegged Russia's wheat exports were pegged at 40 million mt in MY2021-22 against 38.5 million mt estimated for last year. Platts Analytics sees Russian wheat exports at 40.5 million mt in the current marketing year against 38.2 million mt projected last year.

British financial technology companies have wrapped up a number of big-ticket capital raises in the first months of 2021 despite the country being under a strict national lockdown. These include digital lender Starling Bank Ltd.'s £272.0 million series D funding round in March, cards and payments specialist PPRO Financial Ltd.'s £132.2 million round in January, and specialist lender Nucleus Commercial Finance Ltd.'s £200.0 million raise, also in January.

London — Russia's Gazprom Export said Tuesday it would start offering gas for within-day delivery on its Electronic Sales Platform (ESP) as it continues to evolve the offering of the platform.

In this edition, we take a close look at the second-quarter natural gas liquid, or NGL, revenues of top U.S. shale producers. Revenues skyrocketed amid rising prices from the same period a year earlier, as 10 of the largest oil and gas producers posted year-over-year boosts in realized NGL prices of 104% to as high as 261%.

As underground mines are generally higher in grade than open pit mines, there is the assumption that open pit mines emit greater amounts of greenhouse gases than equivalent-producing underground mines. While there are more factors in greenhouse gas emissions than simply the volume of material moved and processed, there is a direct correlation between the two when we evaluate emissions as a function of production.

SPACs are "creating more exit alternatives for private equity and other private capital investors around companies that fit in the energy transition broadly," George Bilicic, vice chairman and global head of Power, Energy and Infrastructure investment banking at the financial services firm Lazard, said during the S&P Global Market Intelligence Power and Gas M&A Symposium. "A positive dynamic of the SPAC phenomenon is it's assisting in the gathering of capital to support these energy transition companies and pulling forward or taking capital needs off the table, arguably, which facilitates the implementation of business plans including in some companies that are more binary risks from a technology perspective."

Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark, or GRESB, scores capture information on ESG performance and sustainability best practices for real estate companies, covering more than 1,200 property companies, REITs, funds and property developers worldwide. Looking at the U.S. REITs that trade on the NYSE, Nasdaq or NYSE American, 53 participated with GRESB in 2021 and received a GRESB Participant Score evaluating their ESG efforts.

“Federal fiscal stimulus has spurred consumer spending, which accounts for about 70% of the U.S.’s $21 trillion GDP, and the housing market is strong, as historically low interest rates entice buyers. Moreover, waves of new COVID-19 outbreaks in some states haven’t hampered economic activity as much as we’d expected,” S&P Global Ratings’ Chief U.S.

Measuring the performance of an index requires a continuous and uninterrupted time series. Each reactivation instance of a Child Index signifies a new time series, and any historical data prior to that reactivation date should be treated as a separate time series.

India’s economy contracted 23.9% year-over-year in the second quarter, adding to the list of countries whose GDP has plummeted at extraordinary rates due to the pandemic’s unprecedented implications. The decline in the world’s fifth-largest economy was the biggest contraction in any major country thus far in the crisis, according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.

Pompeo's offer comes as Minsk continues to search for alternative crude supplies. Lukashenko named the US, along with Saudi Arabia and the UAE, as potential suppliers of oil to diversify sourcing of crude for Belarusian refineries, which traditionally sourced wholly from Russia.

Mark Haefele, Chief Investment Officer at UBS and Alexandra Dimitrijevic, Global Head of Research at S&P Global Ratings joined Joe Cass on this edition of Fixed Income in 15. Discussion focused on the evolution of ESG over the past 18 months, long term credit outlook and views on the digitalization of finance including blockchain and cryptocurrency.

Launched in September 2016, the S&P New China Sectors Index provides access to Chinese companies operating in specific industries poised to benefit from the country’s transition to a consumer- and service-oriented economy. The index includes all Chinese share classes, including A-shares and offshore listings (including those listed in the U.S.), as well as companies with a Hong Kong domicile.

The outperformance of funds that take environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues more seriously than their peers has reinforced why investors might want to integrate these factors into portfolios via the type of tools that S&P Dow Jones Indices has developed. Encouraged by evidence of the materiality of ESG issues during the Covid-19 led volatility, there is greater appetite for sustainable themes in investor portfolios to align investments with one’s values and potentially generate higher risk-adjusted returns.

The S&P 500 ESG Index has redefined mainstream access to ESG, providing global investors with new tools designed to help them align objectives with their ESG values. Explore how this expanding ESG ecosystem is defining the sustainable core with S&P DJI’s Mona Naqvi, Horizon Investments’ Scott Ladner, Axio Financial’s Peter Horacek, and Sage Advisory’s Bob Smith.

Moscow — Russian fuel oil exports fell 2.9% year on year to 2.72 million mt in February, according to data released March 22 by the Central Dispatching Unit, the statistical arm of the Russian Energy Ministry.

Canadian exports of billet and slabs to the US totaled 91,181 mt, up 62.44% year over year, as alloyed aluminum from Canada could flow into the US duty-free and wouldn't fall under the USTR quotas that were set for 2020.

Already under pressure from reduced demand due to the coronavirus outbreak, oil prices are also reacting to news of the failed OPEC/OPEC+ deal. These events are sending shock waves through the rest of the energy and commodity markets, affecting trade flows and prices across supply chains and the globe.

London — The fuel spill this week at a power plant owned by nickel and PGM producer Nornickel in Russia's Arctic region may serve to boost environmental, social and governance concerns in the country, with potential also for construction rethinks in the global Far North, according to analysts and industry watchers.

The COVID-19 pandemic is an existential stress test that mercilessly reveals companies’ strengths and weaknesses. As ESG has been lifted to the top of corporate, investor and policy agendas in recent years, more investors may have understood that ESG analysis can identify sources of company resilience that go undetected in traditional financial analysis, showing which companies are better prepared for future risks and fat tail events.

Turkish imports of hot-rolled coil in the first half of the year reached 2.77 million mt, 38% higher year on year, as competitive import offers spurred notable buying interest in Turkey, especially from Russia and some Asian suppliers. Imports from the EU region however, declined notably in that period.

The sudden conversion of shale gas producers to the ESG religion echoes what analysts at energy investment bank Tudor Pickering Holt & Co. found among Permian Basin shale oil producers over the past two years. The key finding of a summer 2021 research note released May 25, was the "1.8-time increase in operators reporting ESG data since Q1 2019 in investor relations reports, as investors are increasingly focused on climate change, clean energy transition, diversity, and reducing environmental impacts from oil and gas operations."

Ukraine has been pushing to have the new Gas TSO of Ukraine, GTSOU, ready to take over as soon as Russian Gazprom's transit contract expires at the end of this year.

In his first 100 days in office, U.S. President Joe Biden took a host of actions to keep sustainability issues at the heart of his regulatory and legislative agenda. By issuing dozens of executive orders, working with lawmakers on legislation and choosing sustainability-minded cabinet members to carry out his goals, Biden has maintained the focus on climate change that he outlined during his campaign.

The S&P GSCI rose 31.4% in the first half of 2021, outperforming the S&P 500®, which rose 15.2%. The S&P GSCI has more than doubled since hitting an all-time low during the initial stages of the COVID-19 pandemic in April 2020.

London — Russia's Gazprom Export is offering gas on its Electronic Sales Platform (ESP) for delivery in 2020 for the first time in Monday's auction.

The S&P PACTTM Indices (S&P Paris-Aligned & Climate Transition Indices) comprise the S&P Climate Transition (CT) Indices and the more ambitious S&P Paris-Aligned (PA) Indices. These indices are intended to meet the EU’s minimum standards for EU Climate Transition benchmarks and EU Paris-aligned benchmarks under the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (EU Benchmark Regulation).

GPIF, World’s Largest Pension Fund, Selects New Environmental Indices Launched by S&P Dow Jones Indices New Carbon Efficient Indices Designed to Help Improve Corporates’ Disclosure on Carbon and Data Transparency TOKYO, SEPTEMBER 25, 2018: S&P Dow Jones Indices (“S&P DJI”) announced today that the world’s largest pension fund, Government Pension Investment Fund for Japan (“GPIF”), has selected two of its new carbon efficient indices to serve as the benchmark for their ESG investment strategy. The pension fund has approximately 158.58 trillion yen in assets as of 1Q, 2018.

Dr. Scott Gottlieb, a former commissioner for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and member of Pfizer’s board appeared on CNBC and cautioned the public on the timing of a widely available vaccine. “You could have a vaccine broadly maybe the end of the second quarter, maybe into the third quarter.

Risks across Asia remain. If the region fails to meaningfully contribute to the global demand recovery, S&P Global Economics foresees that the global economy’s overall recovery will overly dependent on the U.S. and Europe to maintain steam.

Grain originators face a difficult comparison to 2020 despite a positive outlook for global oilseeds and feed once global economic activity rebounds The thawing of the U.S.-China trade war, a strong U.S. dollar, and a large South American harvest enabled grain originators and processors to generate significant EBITDA growth in 2020. Companies like Archer Daniels Midland Co. and Bunge Ltd. posted double-digit EBITDA growth in 2020 and we expect similar growth rates for peers like Cargill Inc. and Louis Dreyfus Co. B.V.

This article is reprinted from the Indexology blog of S&P Dow Jones Indices
It appears that environmental, social, and governance (ESG) investing is “all the rage”—not only in the Asia Pacific region but all around the world. At S&P DJI, we have spent a lot of time and effort thinking through how best to construct indices that consider ESG values.

Some big Wall Street companies are already adapting their business strategies to account for the changing landscape. In August, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission approved a proposal by stock exchange giant Nasdaq to require listed companies to have at least one director who identifies as a woman and another who is Black, Hispanic, Native American, LGBTQ+ or part of another underrepresented community (or explain why they don’t have this level of diversity).

Trump on Friday emerged from a meeting with the CEOs of several US oil companies saying he was not inclined to force them into reining back output, before escalating his rhetoric on Saturday, threatening tariffs on US oil imports and claiming that OPEC and Russia would be "destroyed" if they did not reach a new supply accord.

Moscow — Russia's refining sector is looking to 2021 with renewed optimism, after the crash in demand for oil products in 2020, with completion of plant modernization in the new year and state support measures set to boost refining volumes.

Fossil fuels’ share of the global energy mix will likely expand until 2025, as the world recovers from the global health crisis’ economic effects. According to S&P Global Platts Analytics Scenario Planning Service’s projections of the post-pandemic economic recovery, global CO2 emissions will likely return to 2018 levels by 2022, after which growth in emissions will flatten to 0.2% a year before peaking in 2032.

Many institutions have responded to the pandemic by increasingly offering more flexible working arrangements for their employees. Companies also recognize that meeting employees’ needs supports their bottom lines, and offering more family-friendly benefits tends to produce higher returns.

Credit ratings agencies dominated the ESG ratings world in 2019, snapping up smaller specialists and unveiling new products. For accelerating the push to standardise disparate ESG information, identify risk, and ultimately link it to the cost of debt, S&P Global Ratings is IFR’s ESG Opinion Provider of the Year.

The pace of Russian wheat exports has been slowing since August due to rising export taxes on wheat, traders said. A rapid growth in global wheat prices in August spurred an increase in the wheat export tax, weighing on shipments.

While the company's positions relative to ESG factors are largely in line with the industry, we expect environmental and social risk factors to increasing influence GM's credit quality as it invests heavily in vehicle and greenhouse gas emissions control, improved fuel economy, electrification, autonomous vehicles, driver and passenger safety, and urban mobility. The company's R&D expenses in 2018 were $7.8 billion, up over 7% from 2017 levels and up 18% from 2016 levels.

S&P Global Platts proposed Dec. 3 including US WTI Midland crude oil in its Dated Brent price assessments, the benchmark for North Sea light sweet crude and reference point for around two-thirds of the world's oil trade. If implemented, it would be the first time the benchmark has been broadened to include a crude oil grade from beyond the North Sea, adding around 450,000 b/d of liquidity based on recent flows of WTI Midland to Europe, at a time of declining production of some of the traditional North Sea grades.

Russia has already been at the forefront of polar exploration in recent years as rising global temperatures and melting ice sheets ease access. In 2009, Moscow sparked a diplomatic row by planting a flag on the seafloor under the Arctic where nearly a quarter of the world's undiscovered oil and gas is thought to lie.

Transneft expects its total oil deliveries to reach 36.33 million mt, equivalent to around 8.88 million b/d, in April. In addition to Russian oil, Transneft ships transit volumes from Kazakhstan, Azerbaijan, Belarus and Turkmenistan.

We further analyzed the performance characteristics of the S&P 500 ESG Index against our suite of S&P Factor and Style Indices (see Exhibit 2).

The US Department of Agriculture sees China importing 24 million mt corn in 2020-21, sharply higher than the 7 million mt imported in 2019-20. China has a TRQ for corn imports of 7.2 million mt, of which corn imports in the country attract a 65% import duty.

The performance of ESG indices over the course of 2020 may point to an answer. At the beginning of the year, before the novel coronavirus became widespread and restrictions on activity became commonplace, the performance of the S&P 500 ESG Index largely tracked that of the S&P 500 Index upon which it is based.

Our economic forecast calls for continued growth in 2020, but the slower pace of growth may cause some states to feel like they are in a recession. The challenges of an economy growing at less than 2% will present itself on both the revenue and expenditure sides of the budget.

Issuers of sustainability-linked bonds pledge to improve their performance against tailor-made ESG targets and link this commitment directly to the coupon paid to investors. Italian energy group Enel SpA issued a first-of-its-kind $1.5 billion five-year bond in September 2019, which had a 2.65% annual coupon if the company reached a target of 55% renewable energy installed capacity by 2021.

"[The Amazon Plan] was a very good sign toward investors," Miranda said. Almost half of stockholders have inquired about the bank's ESG agenda and a growing number of them are informing their investment decisions based on these strategies, Miranda said.

Etisalat's exposure to ESG risk factors is comparable with the broader telecom sector. Its exposure to governance and environmental risks is the most notable, but not currently a rating driver.

LIBOR transition risk: The phaseout date for most U.S. dollar LIBOR maturities has been extended by 18 months to June 2023. As of this writing, the December 2021 deadline for the four non-U.S. dollar LIBOR currencies remains intact.

“Across the U.S. in recent weeks, there have been a number of deeply disturbing events that have shaken us. Videos of unspeakable behavior have brought home in shocking fashion the inequality and fear some in our communities deal with on a daily basis,” Wells Fargo CEO Charles Scharf wrote in an email to the bank’s employees.

"There will be monthly monitoring by JMMC, and just in case the market development leads to ... a decision different to the adjustment plan already agreed, there should be an extraordinary OPEC+ ministerial meeting to adjust the plan," one source told Platts. "I think it is logical considering the uncertainties we are facing."

In dirty tankers, almost all owners are positive about revival in Libya's fortunes as well as OPEC and Russia ramping up output by 500,000 b/d, which alone could translate into additional demand for around seven VLCCs per month, or 14 Suezmax tankers per month, respectively.

In EMEA, emerging economies have surprised again with stronger-than-expected growth numbers, primarily stemming from higher consumption and exports. Available indicators suggest that GDP growth in the region for the full year will be higher than our June predictions.

While oil minister Ihsan Ismaael of Iraq, Russia's OPEC+ colleague, remained certain that oil prices will stabilize around $85/b, Russian and foreign officials were more skeptical, with Putin going as far as suggesting $100/b was "quite possible."

South Korea is raising its low sulfur fuel oil consumption for power generation for the first time in several years after two typhoons prompted the shutdown of nuclear reactors in early September, bucking the trend of North Asian countries reducing their fuel oil consumption for power as they shift to LNG. South's Korea East-West Power Company is likely to consume 70,000 mt/month of low sulfur fuel oil while the nuclear capacity is offline, a company official said Sept. 25.

Washington — With capex cuts and layoffs looming for the shale patch, US lawmakers from top oil-producing states have appealed to Saudi Arabia to reconsider its plans to flood the market with crude - likely receiving a polite, but firm rebuff.

Russia has yet to divide its additional cut of around 70,000 b/d of crude in the first quarter of 2020 under the OPEC+ agreement, Lukoil vice president for exploration and production Ilya Mandrik said Tuesday.

Muni bonds come in two varieties: general obligation and revenue bonds. General obligation bonds are used to finance public projects that aren't linked to a particular revenue stream.

Spain saw a 95.9% year-over-year fall in box office revenue in January to $2.2 million, with 22 films released. July 2020 release "Padre no hay más que uno 2: La llegada de la suegra" topped the box office with $15.8 million, followed by British war film "1917" and Christopher Nolan's science fiction action film "Tenet."

The scope of companies that could fall within an ESG-prohibited industry is broad and depends on how the indenture provisions are interpreted. Currently, it is up to the CLO manager's discretion to determine whether a company falls within an excluded category (and thus excluded from the CLO portfolio), based on the language in the indenture.

Key Takeaways
From April to September, we took close to 2,100 ESG-related rating, CreditWatch, and outlook actions. Of these, 775 were downgrades, the bulk (96%) of which stemmed from the COVID-19 pandemic, while governance concerns contributed to downgrades on 23 entities and environmental factors to six.

Environmental Impact and Outperformance: A data-driven approach to integrating Carbon Footprinting into the Investment Process

Indeed, even the auctions for May demonstrated how Russian reliance on Ukraine could be fading, with the Trans-Balkan Isaccea interconnection between Ukraine and Romania recording zero sales as Russian-sourced supply to Romania is now assumed to be delivered through other means.

The strong and growing pressure on oil and gas companies to dramatically reconfigure their core businesses to accept a lower-carbon agenda could soon lead to irreversible changes in the energy commodity markets. .

** Gazprom Neft said it has started assembly of electricity equipment at the catalytic cracker at its Omsk refinery as part of the unit's upgrade which aims at increasing the output of high octane components. The company previously said that it has completed the installation of the upgraded L 35/11-600 catalytic reformer.

4The GHG Protocol classifies a company’s GHG emissions into three scopes. Scope 1 emissions are direct emissions from owned or controlled sources.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. “Megadrought” is a scientific term for a drought that lasts two decades or longer.

Mandatory and reliable data on companies' climate risks will be critical in that work, but "uncertainty about the future climate trajectory will remain" and require more safeguards at banks, she said. Bank supervisors should encourage lenders to ensure they would be resilient against a range of climate outcomes, and "new or enhanced supervisory tools" could help them do so.

Proposals to form a national clean electricity standard have become a central focus of climate change legislation in the new Congress as U.S. President Joe Biden pushes for a carbon-free power sector. The concept has support from Democrats and Republicans, with nearly 40 U.S. states already adopting renewable or clean energy goals or standards, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence data.

Water conflicts are on the rise, according to Pacific Institute data. The World Economic Forum ranks water crises as higher in impact than infectious diseases.

"The Russian wheat curbs have already dramatically impacted the world market. The taxes essentially increase Russian wheat prices," said Suderman.

Alongside his role as Qatar’s energy minister since 2018, Saad al-Kaabi is deputy chairman, president and CEO of Qatar Petroleum. Kaabi talked to S&P Global Platts editors in April on a wide range of topics, from Qatar Petroleum’s LNG projects, to OPEC+ cuts and the tumult in oil markets.

On June 25, 2020, the German digital payment company Wirecard AG filed for insolvency following reports that over USD 2 billion in cash assets went missing. Wirecard’s stock has gone down 90% since the initial announcement, and the company’s lenders now face deep losses.

Expectations of new stimulus measures to counteract the coronavirus pandemic’s impact on the U.S. economy are swelling. If implemented, U.S. President Joe Biden’s proposed $1.9 trillion economic aid package is intended to accelerate the country’s recovery and propel U.S. GDP to its pre-pandemic levels.

But first, in European gas, the market will continue to digest the implications of the deal between the US and Germany on how to prevent Russia from using energy -- and the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline in particular -- as a "weapon". Under the deal, Germany reserves the right to use sanctions to restrict Russian gas exports and also pledges to use all of its power to facilitate the extension of Gazprom's current gas transit deal with Ukraine that expires at the end of 2024.

This report is part of the S&P Global Platts Metals Trade Review series, where S&P Global Platts digs through datasets and digest some of the key trends in metallurgical coal, iron ore, scrap and alumina.

The US is not a member of the OPEC+ coalition, but several officials, including US Energy Secretary Dan Brouillette, consulted with the group leading up to its agreement in April to implement historic production cuts to stem the losses caused by the pandemic and a short-lived price war between Saudi Arabia and Russia.

We view JCI's ESG risks to be largely in line with those of most large, global capital goods peers. In our view, the company has a good track record of identifying and mitigating ESG risks.

Houston — Top Permian Basin producers Pioneer Natural Resources and Parsley Energy formally requested Monday an emergency hearing seeking to implement mandatory crude oil production quotas in Texas.

With the COVID-19 pandemic, equity markets around the world experienced massive declines with heightened volatility, and the Australian equity market was not immune. Various equity market segments experienced rapid market sell-offs followed by slow recoveries in H1 2020, with the S&P/ASX 200, S&P/ASX Mid-Small, and S&P/ASX 200 A-REIT decreasing 10.4%, 6.9%, and 21.3%, respectively.

The nuclear talks have stalled since mid June when both sides paused for the Iran elections and were expected to start up shortly after President Ebrahim Raisi took office in early August. The talks revolve around the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, the 2015 agreement between Iran and China, France, Germany, Russia, the UK and the US that limited Tehran's nuclear capabilities and its uranium enrichment levels.

The gas market was also impacted this week when on June 10, an armed group stormed the Mellitah oil and gas complex, from where the country exports gas to Italy via the Greenstream pipeline.

Today is Thursday, June 11, 2020, and here is today’s essential intelligence.

In European gas, the near-term outlook for market fundamentals continues to be driven by news surrounding Russia, following a drop in gas flows via the Yamal pipeline, and ongoing uncertainty overflows via Ukraine. Right at the end of last week President Vladimir Putin said that Russia was ready to continue supplying gas to Europe via Ukraine after 2024, but that Moscow needed clarity on future European gas demand before agreeing to any new transit deal.

The 26th Conference of Parties kicks off in Glasgow on the 31st of October. Seven years have passed since COP21, when 196 UN member states and parties signed an agreement to limit global warming below 2 C. COP26 represents the most significant opportunity since those talks to deepen the world's climate commitments, and stay true to the agreed framework.

The ESG Lens On COVID-19, Part 1, April 20, 2020

Vienna — An advisory committee will suggest OPEC and its allies cut an additional 600,000 b/d of crude production in Q2 to combat the coronavirus-induced hit to global oil demand, with Russia saying it needs more time to study the proposal, according to a delegate involved in the talks.

Gazprom is ready to fill the first string of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline with gas after completing all construction work, Russian President Vladimir Putin said June 4.

Because of electricity's essentiality, we believe the financial performance and ratings of only a subset of the public power and electric cooperative sector is vulnerable to the pandemic's economic pressures. We view the ratings of public power and electric cooperative utilities to be most vulnerable among those utilities whose electricity sales are sensitive to social distancing and travel restrictions, which our rating actions reflected when we assigned a negative outlook to California's Anaheim Public Utilities and lowered the rating and assigned a negative outlook to Florida's Reedy Creek Improvement District.

"There's definitely buy-in from European banks on this issue, but our focus was on how the ESG criteria would translate to the CLO market where funds are assessed on returns," says Chris Scott, managing director and head of European capital markets within the global capital markets team at Carlyle (note, the CLO market is the predominant investor segment in European leveraged loans). "On the Flender transaction — one of the first big TLBs with an ESG ratchet — we were delighted with the market response, with investors identifying ESG criteria as important for their funds.

(Editor's Note: This article is the second in a two-part series on racial inequality in the corporate world. The first "Why Corporations' Responses To George Floyd Protests Matter," was published on July 23.)

As COP25 kicks off in Madrid, S&P Global Platts editors take a look at the CO2 impact from OPEC oil production. European gas and nuclear, and IMO 2020’s impact on commodities as diverse as fuel oil and iron ore, are also on the agenda in this week’s pick of charts.

State Street (NYSE:STT) today announced a strategic engagement with S&P Global Trucost that brings together State Street’s newly announced ESG Risk Analytics and Reporting capabilities and Trucost’s highly regarded climate data and analytics. The agreement will allow State Street to overlay Trucost’s data intelligence on the risks and opportunities of climate change to build on State Street’s existing client-focused ESG services, offering available intelligence solutions to its clients holding assets totaling more than US$40 trillion.

Rising temperatures and several environmental catastrophes over summer have revealed the underlying risks to Moscow's ambitious plans to develop everything from military bases to mines and associated infrastructure in Russia's far-flung eastern and northern regions, including the increasingly strategically important Arctic. Record temperatures and wildfires in Siberia this summer — following Russia's mildest winter yet — were accompanied by a series of highly polluting incidents in the High North, including one of the worst oil spills ever seen in the rapidly warming region.

Our ESG Evaluation of 84 reflects SGRE's strong preparedness to face future disruption in the industry, as it continues to lead cutting-edge technological developments that bring significant environmental benefits to customers in the global transition toward a more sustainable and low-carbon economy. Globally, Siemens Gamesa holds the top 1 and 2 positions, respectively, per cumulative installations in offshore and onshore wind.

The International Energy Agency proclaimed 2020 as the year of fastest growth for global renewable electricity sources in two decades. Amid the coronavirus crisis’ hit to energy markets, renewable energy continued to grow globally in 2020 by a "colossal" 238 gigawatts—50% more than at any time in history—led by solar and wind generation, BP chief economist Spencer Dale said during a Columbia University Center on Global Energy Policy panel discussion earlier this month, according to S&P Global Platts.

Mexico will be the main beneficiary in the region from higher U.S. GDP growth, thanks to continued strong demand for its manufactured goods, but also due to the remittance flows from the northern neighbor. For this reason, our 2021 GDP growth forecast for Mexico has improved to 4.9% from 3.9% previously.

Export-Import Bank of Korea plans to create a global environmental, social and governance-related fund worth at least 200 billion South Korean won, The Korea Herald reported Feb. 22, citing the bank's CEO, Bang Moon-kyu.

The amendments are aimed at increasing compensation to refineries and were expected to have a "stabilizing impact on the domestic prices against the background of rising international crude oil and oil products prices," the energy ministry has said.

The Belarusian pay TV and broadband markets have been dynamic and highly developed. Over the last five years, multichannel and fixed broadband households have grown by 29% and 20%, respectively.

London — 1208 GMT: Crude oil futures fell in the morning European trading session Friday amid reported differences within the alliance between OPEC and its allies over production cuts and the prospects for demand.

The U.S. opioid epidemic killed 450,000 Americans from 1999-2019 in three waves marked by rises in addiction to prescription opioids such as OxyContin, illicit opioids such as heroin, and synthetic opioids including fentanyl , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Overdose deaths have quadrupled since 2009—and the COVID-19 crisis has only exacerbated the problem.

The launch will help diversify Russian export markets and increase supplies to lucrative Asian markets. Major infrastructure projects such as ESPO are enabling Russia to capitalize on its vast oil and gas resources and strategic location to lift market share in Asia, particularly China.

** Renovation and rebuilding work on Azerbaijan's Heydar Aliyev refinery is expected to be delayed by a planned one-month lockdown due to the COVID-19 pandemic, a Socar official told S&P Global Platts Dec. 8. The official said Azerbaijan will enter a full one month lockdown from Dec. 15 in an effort to reduce COVID-19 infection rates.

"The Europeans are looking to introduce a battery passport, so materials used for batteries that are imported from abroad must have a passport that shows what the [ESG] profile is."

For partially supported liquidity agreements, the liquidity providers fund up to the full amount of performing assets while limiting the risk of loss to investors to typically 30 days. They fund against a funding base for which the calculation is the purchase price or the amount that the liquidity providers are required to pay; the purchase price is reduced for defaulted receivables.

Redbox Automated Retail LLC, which is in the process of going public via a reverse merger with special purpose acquisition company Seaport Global Acquisition Corp., is aiming to evolve its business beyond its legacy DVD rental kiosks to include more revenue from streaming partnerships, ad-supported content and other business. The company, which specializes in distributing low-budget films, is attempting to coax the company's 39 million value-conscious loyalty program customers, many of whom are technology late adopters, to give digital media a try.

The pace of auto insurers' adoption of telematics has varied widely. But dramatic changes in driving behaviors prompted by COVID-19 have accelerated the relevance and application of the technology for insurers and policyholders alike.

The Climate Finance Delivery Plan sets out guiding principles for collective actions of developed countries, including increasing financing for adaptation, addressing barriers in accessing climate finance, and improving private finance mobilization.

"I welcome the decision of Dusseldorf Higher Regional Court on rejecting the appeal of Nord Stream 2 AG. The German court has confirmed that EU standards apply to the pipeline," said Haluschenko in a ministry statement on Aug. 25, adding that "the court affirmed our legitimate expectations of upholding the [EU-mandated] Third Energy Package's standards to Nord Stream 2 [as well]."

How does S&P DJI intend to meet the new EU ESG disclosure requirements? S&P DJI has two benchmark administrators under the EU Benchmark Regulation (EU BMR): S&P DJI Netherlands B.V. (S&P DJI BV), an EU benchmark administrator based in Amsterdam and authorized by the Dutch Authority for Financial Markets; and S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC (S&P DJI), a corporation based in New York.

June-24-2021 Bursa — The European Commission announced June 24 it has opened an investigation into hot-dipped galvanized coil imports from Turkey and Russia, alleging imports of certain corrosion resistant steels originating from these countries were being dumped.

Tesla’s entry into the S&P 500 ESG Index could be due to the index methodology as much as Tesla’s own improvement from a sustainability perspective. Tesla’s S&P DJI ESG Score was 22 out of 100 (up 8 points from last year’s score), driven by its ESG Dimension Scores, including an Environmental score of 28 (up 1 point), a Social score of 6 (up 2 points), and a Governance score of 49 (up 21 points).

The S&P 500 Carbon Efficient Index and S&P Global 1200 Carbon Efficient Index were launched on August 20, 2015. The S&P 500 Fossil Fuel Free Index, S&P Global 1200 Carbon Efficient Select Index, and S&P Global 1200 Fossil Fuel Free Index were launched on August 28, 2015.

Singapore — 0155 GMT: Crude oil futures traded lower in mid-morning trade in Asia Thursday as mixed supply-side signals from OPEC+ emerged.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. Evidence of diverging economic recoveries is starting to surface around the world, with many larger, developed countries faring better than their smaller, emerging counterparts.

In 2020, Énergir purchased 15% of its system gas through its responsibly sourced gas initiative, and it expected purchases to exceed 20% this year, according to Vincent Regnault, director of gas supply and development of renewable gases at Énergir. Regnault said Énergir did not face much pushback over the cost premium from its regulator, but he acknowledged that it can be challenging to procure gas at anything but the lowest cost in some jurisdictions.

The joie de vivre ended for British travelers in France on Friday after the U.K. government imposed a new quarantine restriction requiring all returning vacationers to self-isolate for 14 days upon their return. “We have got to be absolutely ruthless about this, even with our closest and dearest friends and partners.

** Russian oil company Lukoil launched a new isomerization unit at its refinery near Nizhny Novgorod, also known as Norsi and Kstovo. The unit has feedstock capacity of 800,000 mt annually and produces a high octane gasoline component.

“As gasoline and food prices resurged since February, consumer short-term inflation expectations jumped around in the range of 4.2%-4.8%: rising to 4.6% in May, dipping to 4.2% in June, and hitting 4.8% in early July (compared with 2.5% precrisis), due to the high visibility of these prices in daily life. However, long-term inflation expectations from the financial markets' point of view seem to have stabilized, with the five-year forward looking inflation rate expected five years from now, a reflection of financial market participants' long-term inflation expectations (five to 10 year time horizon), increasing at a slower pace since February and retreating from its peak in May,” S&P Global Ratings Chief U.S.

The investors behind a new net-zero report are pushing companies in the energy, metals and mining, chemicals, transportation and consumer sectors to assess and disclose their climate risks. They plan to use the report to help engage with companies and inform their votes on climate-related shareholder proposals at annual meetings.

Asset managers face such credit-related ESG risks directly through their own operations, such as treating their customers fairly, ensuring proper governance and transparency, and enabling equality in treatment of their workforce. However, the sources of ESG risks through investments may be more material for the entity's credit quality.

INTRODUCTION
The S&P Global Carbon Efficient Index Series is designed to reduce carbon exposure while maintaining similar levels of risk/return to the benchmark. Most notably, the index series incentivizes behavioral change among companies by uniquely encouraging two things:
Greater corporate transparency by rewarding companies that disclose greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions with a 10% boost in index weight; and
The diversification of company business models toward lowcarbon alternatives as companies seek to improve their standing in the index.

There are two important types of climate-related risks that need to be evaluated: physical and transitional. Physical risks refer to either acute physical hazards, such as more frequent and extreme weather events (e.g., storms, hurricanes and floods), or the chronic and longer-term effects of climate change, such as changing weather patterns and sea level rise.

“The position of regional partners for Myanmar is only just emerging. Panjiva data shows China represented 33% of Myanmar's exports in 2019, while the EU represented 23.2%, Thailand 15.4%, Japan 7.4% and the U.S. 4.4%,” Chris Rodgers, a senior global supply chain research analyst at Panjiva, said in a report this week.

Meanwhile, oil consumption remains hobbled by the pandemic. The US, the world's largest user of oil, imported zero Saudi crude for the week ending Jan. 1, the first time this has happened since the US Energy Information Administration began tracking the data in 2010 -- a potentially troubling sign for the kingdom, typically one of its key suppliers.

Data is a fundamental input to any successful ESG strategy to inform discovery, value creation and risk resilience. But not all data is alike.

JPMorgan Chase & Co. overtook Bank of America Corp. as the largest U.S. bank by total deposits for the first time in four years, according to the latest Summary of Deposits data from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. JPMorgan's deposits totaled $2.011 trillion at the end of June, up 19.9% from a year earlier, while Bank of America's deposits came in at $1.894 trillion.

Highlights
Senators urge Blinken to impose new sanctions
Work to lay 55 Bcm/year pipeline continues
Blinken reaffirms opposition to project in Maas talks
New York — Calls for the US to expand its package of sanctions measures against the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline from Russia to Germany continue to grow, in a bid to halt the controversial project. Receive daily email alerts, subscriber notes & personalize your experience.

We see ESG factors for CBA to be broadly in line with those for its industry and domestic peers. In our view, CBA has a comprehensive and well-developed risk management and governance framework across the group's activities.

Asset managers such as State Street Global Advisors are advocating for companies to disclose nonfinancial racial diversity data, going so far as to describe racial inequity as “a systemic risk.” Firms around the world that implemented policies to increase their workforce diversity have ramped up their efforts as the public demands that companies take greater action as the pandemic puts pressure on the global economy. Investment banks including Goldman Sachs and stock exchanges like Nasdaq are beginning to push companies they fund or list to diversify their boards and management teams.

“Global trade in April is likely to be focused on the recovery from the Suez Canal blockage,” Panjiva, part of S&P Global Market Intelligence, said in a recent report. “The pressure on shipping through the canal has waned, but the disruptions to shipping schedules and downstream supply chain operations could last for months.”

One of the key perspectives in explaining equal weight indices’ returns is their smaller size exposure: for example, over 50% of the historical variation in the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index’s relative returns is explained by size. This exposure occurs because, as Exhibit 3 illustrates, the distribution of weights within equal weight indices is far more even than within their market-cap weighted parents.

Fast forward a few years and US shale faces an image problem amid the global energy transition to greater use of cleaner burning fuels. EQT believes that shale gas can be a reliable bridge to the transition and, with the Alta deal, is doubling down on the gas-rich Marcellus.

**Other key producers, namely ADNOC, SOMO and KPC, had also issued prices for their respective crude grades. ADNOC raised prices by 25-30 cents/b, while SOMO raised prices for its Asian bound crude by 20-70 cents/b.

"While details of such a plan are limited, a key element of the proposal would likely call for an increase in the corporate tax rate to 28% from 21%," the report states. "We estimate that this higher tax rate would improve the industry's [ratio of] funds from operations to debt by about 100 basis points.

We expect fees and commissions income will increase by 10%-15% annually in 2021-2022. Simultaneously, the role of commission income for operating revenue will strengthen, with fees averaging 22%-24% of operating income, up from 18% for 2019 (under International Financial Reporting Standards; IFRS).

Sources said Saudi Arabia, which has insisted on unanimous OPEC+ participation in the cuts, has threatened to walk out of the deal and reignite a pitched oil price war if Mexico does not toe the line.

Dubai — OPEC and shale oil output will need to rise this year to help offset a potential supply squeeze by the year-end as the markets play catch-up with 2019 demand levels, the CEO of Vitol said Jan. 13.

At the end of March, after a few weeks running hard on cheap crude and ignoring tumbling demand, refineries across Europe started cutting runs on a grand scale. In Italy they dropped to around 50-60%, while in France several refineries stopped processing or didn't restart after maintenance.

Besides Saudi Arabia, most of the sharp increase in OPEC+ output came from the other big producers in the alliance, such as Russia, Iraq, UAE and Kuwait.

The ESG Insider newsletter compiles news and insights on environmental, social and governance developments driving change in business and investment decisions. Subscribe to our ESG Insider newsletter and listen to the "ESG Insider" podcast on SoundCloud, Spotify and Apple Podcasts.

"Large Russian export projects such as the Druzhba oil pipeline, oil pipelines to China as well as the Yamal-Europe, Nord Stream, Power of Siberia and Turkish Stream gas pipelines are highly reliable and competitive in terms of transportation costs, and reliability compared to alternative routes of energy supply," the ministry said in the statement.

"Trump is not willing to take on the big US oil companies, which made their opposition clear prior to the meeting with Trump last Friday, and the US lacks a nationwide legal framework for doing so," Priddy said. "US participation in the G-20 ministerial meeting on Friday this week doesn't mean much unless the Saudis and Russians are satisfied that the burden is being shared fairly.

European gas, power and carbon markets are starting Q3 at multi-year highs after a cold winter saw significant gas storage drawdowns amid record CO₂ prices. A reluctance on the part of Russia to send additional gas volumes via Ukraine and strong competition for LNG from Asia has further boosted prices.

European banks may gain an edge over their U.S. peers with a proposed "green asset ratio" designed to give investors clarity on increasingly important environmental issues, according to market participants.

To achieve these two goals this year, there appears to be a preference among investors for listed securities in Asia and private market assets in North America. At the same time, the influence of technology as well as environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors is stronger than ever, both in terms of target assets and the investment process.

On Feb. 2, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission settled a lawsuit against Amazon regarding the company’s withholding of tips for its contract delivery drivers for $61.7 million. The regulatory action "speaks to the brighter spotlight on these issues for Big Tech going forward," Daniel Ives, an analyst with the investment firm Wedbush Securities, told S&P Global Market Intelligence.

* In a major diplomatic breakthrough for U.S. President Joe Biden's top climate envoy, John Kerry, both China and the U.S. agreed Nov. 10 to act jointly to boost global climate action this decade.

Duke Energy Chair, President and CEO Lynn Good speaks in October 2020 at the company's virtual ESG Investor Day. Activist investor Elliott Management wants Duke Energy to split into three separately traded entities.

The signs of a recovery in global demand led by China is a positive sign as the Western Hemisphere confronts the worldwide coronavirus pandemic. Brazil is especially dependent on demand from China, which is the biggest buyer of many of the country's commodities including crude oil, iron ore and soy.

Japanese companies aim to draft a set of new standards in environment, social and governance disclosures that will take local factors into account in two years, in a bid to draw more interest from ESG-minded investors locally and abroad. Nearly 20 Japanese companies — including Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc. and Mizuho Financial Group Inc. — launched a study group in June to explore an ESG disclosure framework and a set of indicators that will reflect local characteristics such as an aging population and higher life expectancy, according to a spokesman at Hitachi Ltd., a Japanese electronics conglomerate leading the ESG framework project.

Silos within the energy industry are coming down as companies confront the need to dramatically cut carbon emissions. The so-called energy convergence is the idea that companies, policy makers and regulators need to be more collaborative across the energy spectrum.

Utilities across the world have been moving very cautiously away from fossil fuels, if at all, over the past two decades, with the vast majority adopting a passive approach to managing their portfolios and only a small share actively shifting to green energy, according to a new analysis. The study found that, among more than 3,000 utilities, only about 14% prioritized growth in renewable energy over gas or coal-fired power plants, while 10% and 2% had their highest growth in gas and coal, respectively.

Using the Trucost Paris Alignment dataset, investors can track a company’s actual and forecasted carbon intensity and how this intensity needs to be reduced by 2025 to meet the Paris Agreement Goal (to keep global temperature rise well below 2°C).

The sources said the additional cuts plus greater compliance by countries that have exceeded their production quotas, such as Iraq and Nigeria, could effectively take 700,000-800,000 b/d of crude off the market.

This preceded with Indian wheat exports peaking in 2012-13, when it shipped around 6.5 million mt, but after 2014-15, exports dipped sharply as domestic prices rose in the country, making exports expensive.

Register with S&P Global Ratings

Clearly, the comparative returns of the ESG ETF and the ALL HY ETF were affected by a lot more than the portfolio profiles shown in the table just above. For instance, the ESG ETF should have been disadvantaged by its lower Energy concentration in May, when the ICE BofA US High Yield Energy Index walloped the ICE BofA US High Yield Index, 12.73% to 4.57%.

Saudi Arabia is ramping up its oil production capacity despite peak oil demand scenarios that are being touted by various organizations and energy transition trends that have prompted global energy majors to slash their future oil output plans.

“The recent pickup in COVID-19 infection rates, particularly abroad and with the detection of several omicron cases in the U.S., increases worries that the U.S. may be heading into another wave this winter… So far, the impact of the current pickup in viral rates on consumer behavior seems to be much lower than previous waves, which suggests people have learned to live with the virus,” Dr. Bovino said in research published today. Nevertheless, “the U.S. economy remained resilient, with consumers seemingly willing to spend despite a pickup in COVID-19 cases—particularly with the detection of several omicron cases in the U.S.—and higher inflation weighing on purchasing power.”

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. The electric vehicle (EV) market is experiencing a shake-up as demand for innovation across the sustainable automotive industry intensifies.

Accompanying the Trucost SDG Analytics Dataset is the Trucost SDG Revenue Share Dataset that enables investors to calculate the proportion of company revenues that are aligned to the SDGs. By aggregating the percentage of revenue for each company from the 17 SDGs, we arrived at a total percentage of a company’s revenue that is aligned to all SDGs.

Businesses across the U.S. are boosting e-commerce investments even as the COVID-19 pandemic winds down, part of a strategy to lock in revenue from consumers who have converted to online shopping over the last year. Eight in 10 surveyed organizations are prioritizing investments in e-commerce operations equally, or ahead of, in-store experiences, according to the Voice of the Enterprise: Customer Experience & Commerce: Merchant Study conducted by 451 Research, an offering of S&P Global Market Intelligence.

NEW YORK and ZURICH, Jan. 10, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- S&P Global (NYSE: SPGI) and RobecoSAM, an affiliate of Robeco, announced today that S&P Global has successfully completed its acquisition of the ESG Ratings Business from RobecoSAM which includes the widely followed SAM* Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA) – an annual evaluation of companies' sustainability practices. The CSA is recognized as one of the most advanced ESG scoring methodologies, as it draws upon 20 years of experience analyzing sustainability's impact on a company's long-term value creation.

For each of the three ESG dimensions (environmental, social, and governance), we first define the ESG credit risk factors, which are the factors that influence the capacity and willingness of an obligor to meet its financial commitments and that can have negative or positive credit impacts. We then provide guidance on how to assess and integrate these factors into the credit assessment.

"The Power of Siberia 2 pipeline would see Europe in direct competition with China for gas, while providing Gazprom with insurance against energy transition demand risk in Europe," it said.

S&P Global Market Intelligence found that 21 of the 30 largest metals and mining companies by market capitalization have set some level of net-zero greenhouse gas emissions target or are already claiming carbon neutrality, hoping to prove their commitment to reducing their emissions. Companies are feeling the pressure from customers with their own carbon reduction goals to get in line with the global reductions called for in the Paris Agreement on climate change.

The Dow Jones Select Green RESI Series is based on the Dow Jones Select RESI Series, which are widely used, listed real estate indices with approximately USD 23 billion in index-linked assets. The indices also use GRESB’s widely followed real estate assessment, which incorporates property-level data that measure such criteria as energy and water usage, carbon emissions, and leasable area covered by green building certifications—offering a deep, specialized sustainability analysis for real estate companies.

S&P Global recently announced the launch of its new ESG and sustainability organization: S&P Global Sustainable1. This centralized group represents S&P Global's integrated sustainability offerings and is comprised of a dedicated team that provides comprehensive views on sustainability, including key ESG and climate topics.

Even if, according to the European Commission, this is still too little to bridge the required investment gap of 1.5% of GDP per year to meet 2030 carbon-reduction goals, it is a huge improvement from the €7.5 billion of "fresh money" announced in the Green Deal (see "Related Research" below). The proposed EU budget also contains a pledge to "do no harm", for which the recently approved EU Green Taxonomy would presumably be leveraged, helping reinforce the EU's environment-friendly strategy (see "Sidebar: Taxonomy Regulation Aims To Boost Private Sector Investment In Green And Sustainable Projects").

0250 GMT: Crude oil futures were higher during midmorning trade in Asia June 2 as negotiations over the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action continued to dawdle, and as a rebound in oil demand in China, the US and Europe threatened to outpace impending increases in supply.

In European gas, Russian supplies via the Yamal-Europe pipeline into Germany remain low after a fire at a processing plant in northern Russia on August 5. Prompt European gas prices have risen above Eur46/MWh this month, with the latest upstream issues in Russia compounding an already tight market situation.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. Continuing protests against police brutality in Nigeria, targeting the country’s federal government and the Special Anti-Robbery Squad known for committing extra-judicial murders, have local and global implications.

Alongside the coronavirus pandemic’s many disruptions, ways of working and where people want to work may be permanently transformed as white-collar workers consider making an exodus from the big cities where big business previously reigned. Should they stay, or should they go now?

About this Episode
During the Institute of International Finance Annual Membership Meetings, the Essential Podcast interviewed some panelists to gain greater insight on current market conditions. This interview is with Richard Mattison, CEO of Trucost, part of S&P Global Market Intelligence, on the topic of financial markets and climate risk.

Austria's OMV has completed the $320 million sale of its 25% stake in the Wisting project in the Norwegian Barents Sea to Lundin Energy, the companies said Dec. 17, with state-controlled Equinor set to remain operator of the far northern field when it comes online toward the end of the decade.

Larger U.S. publicly traded companies tend to be more transparent than smaller ones about their climate risks, and energy, utilities and materials companies generally disclose them more than other industries regardless of their size, a review by S&P Global Market Intelligence of Trucost data found in 2020. Greater transparency by companies on climate risks could further help fund managers in creating and tweaking the composition of ESG-related funds

Indian exporters are concerned with Russia's floating export tax that kicked in on June 2. Russian wheat exports in the week starting June 2 are taxed at a rate of $28.10/mt, the Russian Ministry of Agriculture said.

While ski resorts in the Northern Hemisphere were hampered by a mild end of winter, the downhill we are all experiencing has introduced a level of uncertainty and volatility beyond the slopes. The week of March 9, 2020, will go down in history as a time of unprecedented challenge and change.

London — Crude oil production from OPEC and its allies rose by 450,000 b/d in March, the latest S&P Global Platts survey found, as Russia and Iraq pumped well above their agreed caps, while quota-exempt members Iran and Libya also boosted output. In Libya's case, its production hit an almost eight-year high.

"Given China's pledge to stop emitting more carbons annually beyond 2030 and the long-run target of achieving 'carbon neutrality' by 2060, it is essential for Chinese national oil companies to have a green energy strategy as soon as possible," Kang Wu, Platts Analytics' Head of Global Demand, Risk, and Asia, told S&P Global Platts. "The earlier they get involved in the process, the more they will be able to take advantage of their rich energy resources at hand to drive down the cost of transition."

This university is a twenty-year user of services from S&P Global Market Intelligence (“Market Intelligence”), including Compustat® Fundamentals that provides standardized global company fundamental and market data for active and inactive publicly-traded companies. This was being accessed through WRDS, a bulk data delivery option offered in partnership with Wharton Research

A group of 38 U.S. attorneys general filed a lawsuit on Dec. 17 against Alphabet Inc.'s Google, alleging the company engaged in anticompetitive conduct to maintain monopoly power in specific search and advertising markets. The suit claims that the search giant used revenue-sharing agreements with device makers like Apple and mobile providers like T-Mobile to maintain a virtual monopoly on search in the U.S.

On Friday Russian energy minister Alexander Novak said he did not expect to return to the negotiating table with OPEC on oil production cuts.

London — Russian gas sales on Gazprom Export's Electronic Sales Platform (ESP) slumped on the day in Thursday's auction with just 19 million cu m sold.

Libya's rise has been meteoric since the UN-backed Government of National Accord and the self-styled Libyan National Army agreed a permanent ceasefire in August. Libyan crude production has risen by 840,000 b/d in the past two months, jumping to an 11-month high in November to 1.03 million b/d, as all the country's oil fields and terminals are now open.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. One day after the U.S. election, President Donald Trump’s directive for the U.S. to withdraw from the Paris Agreement on climate change—under which nearly 200 nations joined together to limit global warming to no greater than 2 degrees Celsius by 2100—officially went into effect.

Laurence Pessez: We have an ongoing dialogue with our clients. We've been talking about coal reduction, diversification, the need to fight climate change and align with the Paris Agreement for a long period of time.

Costco (+6.98% YTD) is a similar case study. The S&P 500 ESG index excluded the stock entirely because Costco’s ESG score was too low relative to its industry group.

As an intense storm traveled up the eastern U.S., more than 1 million electricity customers remained without power as of Sept. 1 from Louisiana to Pennsylvania, according to S&P Global Platts. Highlighting U.S. energy grid’s lack of resilience to severe climate events, hurricane Ida had left approximately 1.2 million customers in Louisiana in the dark during the disaster.

OPEC is scheduled to meet Thursday, with Russia and the nine other non-OPEC allies joining the talks on Friday. A Saudi-Russia co-chaired market monitoring committee will also convene Thursday ahead of the OPEC meeting to assess member compliance with the cuts and review 2020 scenarios.

In 2017 Lukoil joined Block 12 in the southern part of the Gulf of Mexico. In November 2018, Lukoil and Eni signed a farm-out agreement on Blocks 10, 12 and 14.

"We are starting deliveries of Russian pipeline gas to China. This step takes Russian-Chinese strategic energy cooperation to a new level," Russian President Vladimir Putin said during a launch ceremony broadcast on Russia 24 television.

S&P Global Platts Analytics anticipates global oil demand could climb 8.8 million barrels per day from June to December of this year. Similarly, OPEC expects oil demand to gain momentum alongside the accelerating global economic recovery during the second half of this year.

Although ViacomCBS Inc. is a new company created through the merger of CBS Corp. and Viacom Inc., it is more exposed to governance risks than its media peers. Its corporate and governance structure, like its predecessor companies, gives its controlling shareholder significant influence over the company.

** Gazprom Neft said that its Omsk refinery is preparing for the launch of the deep processing complex. Construction has been completed and testing is underway.

Social risks for airports are, in our view, somewhat above average compared to other industries. Airports usually operate under concession because this business is generally monopolistic and highly related to public mobility, as well as economic development.

Similarly, or perhaps consequently, Russia’s pivotal position on the global gas stage has never been more dominant. Russia holds 20% of the world’s gas reserves (more than Asia Pacific, Africa and Europe combined) as well as 17.3% of global gas production, and it supplies nearly 21% of Europe’s pipeline gas imports.

“Unlike typical vaccine development, which often takes decades, developing a vaccine to prevent COVID-19 has become a race between humans and the virus,” CanSino researchers said in their study. “Many countries have accelerated the process of clinical trials to determine an effective and safe vaccine to prevent COVID-19 and influence the course of the current pandemic.

Sales data from Gazprom includes gas supplied by pipeline and from owned capacity in European gas storage sites.

As of April 30, 2021, we've completed 73 ESG evaluations, including three new evaluations this month. We published an ESG evaluation on Freeport LNG, one green transaction evaluation, and three framework alignment opinions.

Oil producers in North America have announced vast cuts in output, led by ConocoPhillips, ExxonMobil and Chevron. Plus, contrasting gas market signals from both sides of the Atlantic, Brazilian corn exports under pressure and more, in S&P Global Platts editors’ pick of key trends in energy and commodities this week.

The SPAC phenomenon is pushing value levels up to ones that are hard to support with traditional valuation analysis. It is creating more exit alternatives for private equity and other private capital investors around companies that fit in energy transition broadly.

What’s next? S&P Global Platts calculations show much improved gas plant margins for Q4 in the UK, with CCGTs already running above the five-year average in September.

While Europe currently has the largest share of the green bond market, that could change under the administration of U.S. President Joe Biden, who has pledged to take an aggressive stance on climate change.

Broad risk assessment factors can be captured in a model or scoring framework to support a consistent analysis across diverse projects. S&P Global Market Intelligence’s Project Finance suite of tools provides a framework for the analysis of Project Finance transactions, reflecting industry or sector and geographic-specific factors, with the use of well-established project finance debt rating criteria.

A rise in unplanned US refinery outages helped balance US crude supply with demand for the week ended July 16, when 3.16 million b/d was offline, according to S&P Global Platts Analytics. However, downtime for the week ended July 23 is expected to fall off to about 3 million b/d, increasing the pull on crude supply.

Asia-pacific spot LNG prices hit another record high Oct. 6, with the JKM benchmark surpassing the $50/MMBtu level, as the gas price crisis in Europe grew more severe, increasing the global competition for LNG cargoes.

There is approximately 1.1 million megawatts of installed generation capacity of all types that are available to the US grid. Between 2010 and the first quarter of 2019, US power companies announced the retirement of more than 546 coal-fired power units, totaling about 102,000 MW of generating capacity, according to the US Energy Information Administration.

"Germany, like many other heavily industrialized countries, will be dependent on hydrogen imports, as the demand for hydrogen exceeds production capacities. ... As an already trusted supplier of natural gas, Novatek is well prepared to develop export capabilities for hydrogen," Uniper CEO Andreas Schierenbeck said in a Jan. 29 news release.

The S&P/BMV Total Mexico ESG Index is built with the same philosophy underpinning the creation of many popular new ESG indices around the world, such as the S&P 500 ESG Index. The idea is that certain ESG indices should be more inclusive than exclusive to remain broad and diversified, such that the ESG index has a risk/return profile resembling that of the market, while providing an improved ESG profile.

Over the next few months much will depend on the impact of the coronavirus outbreak, how OPEC+ participants deal with an unpredictable market, and whether the state budget and oil producers are as resilient to volatile oil prices as they claim.

Miami — In a finance world increasingly committing to investing with environmental, social and governance factors as a priority, the coal sector is finding it difficult to find its place.

Our analysis considers a transaction's potential exposure to ESG credit factors. For RMBS, we view the exposure to environmental credit factors as average, social credit factors as above average, and governance credit factors as below average (see "ESG Industry Report Card: Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities," published on March 31, 2021).

Today is Friday, June 12, 2020, and here is today’s essential intelligence.

S&P Global Platts Analytics projects that the amount of current European electrolyzer project proposals is close to the EU's 6 gigawatts capacity target for 2024, which would be able to produce up to 1 million metric tons per year of renewable hydrogen. European governmental agencies have urged market participants to go all in on green hydrogen, and large natural gas companies in the region are pushing forward with new hydrogen projects in the immediate term, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence.

"Oil's rally stalled out after Russia signaled they want to unwind productions in July, a sign that the battle for market share will resume as crude demand improves," said OANDA analyst Edward Moya. "Russia's comments on easing cuts in July served as a reminder that higher prices and improved crude demand will likely see OPEC+ compliance go out the window."

All information for an index prior to its Launch Date is back-tested, based on the methodology that was in effect on the Launch Date. Back-tested performance, which is hypothetical and not actual performance, is subject to inherent limitations because it reflects application of an Index methodology and selection of index constituents in hindsight.

Second, the upturn in international commodity prices is translating into higher domestic energy prices and headline inflation. In some cases, the effect on headline inflation can be significant, especially taking into account the base effect.

It's annual shareholder meeting season, with support for ESG concerns put to the test at a time when many meetings are being held remotely because of the coronavirus. This week we look at how shareholders voted on ESG-related proposals at two major U.S. banks, Citigroup Inc. and Bank of America Corp.

Russian nuclear generation is cost-competitive vis-à-vis that of other fuel types, thanks to relatively low construction costs, low additional nuclear-related costs, and high capacity utilization. Nuclear output is sold at prevailing market prices, which effectively depend on gas-fired and coal-fired generation costs, but result in solid profitability for nuclear generation.

The cooperation between Russia and Saudi Arabia within OPEC+ "not only contributed to the stabilization of the energy products markets but also protected the global economic system from the dangerous effects that could have happened from instability in these markets," bin Farhan said in a joint press conference with his Russian counterpart Sergey Lavrov in Moscow.

ResponsibleSteel, whose members include steelmaker ArcelorMittal and leading coking coal miner BHP Group, would certify both low-emissions steel and steel with higher carbon intensity with separate classifications, and based on certified steel meeting the raw materials standard, she said.

S&P Global's ongoing transparency efforts to highlight ESG impacts on credit ratings align with investors' and issuers' increased focus on sustainability. For instance, with hydrocarbon producers we factor in that investors' and financial institutions' increasing adoption of ESG investment mandates also means market access may gradually become more challenging and costly for the former.

In S&P Global Dow Jones Indices’ paper “How Smart Beta Strategies Work in the Australian Market,” S&P Global Dow Jones Indices examined the long-term performance characteristics of S&P DJI’s Australian factor indices in different market trends. In the first half of 2020, the Australian equities market had a roller coaster response to the coronavirus outbreak, global market crash, and government stimulus packages.

Sales of handguns in the U.S. are experiencing a resurgence ahead of the elections, Reuters reports, due to concerns about expansion in gun control legislation should there be a sweep of the presidency, House and Senate by the Democratic Party. Panjiva’s analysis of FBI data shows that background checks climbed 46.1% year over year in Q3 and were 59.6% higher than the same point in 2016.

In a report that came out on Feb. 9, the International Energy Agency (IEA) predicted that India would lead the world in increased energy demand over the next 20 years, consuming 8.7 million barrels of oil per day by 2040. India’s energy demand has already doubled since 2000 with 70% of demand met by coal and oil.

Moderna aims to produce 500 million to 1 billion doses this year for at least the U.S., U.K., and Japan, and has secured manufacturing agreements with other pharmaceutical companies to produce batches at scale. Pfizer and BioTech plan to produce 50 million doses this year and 1.3 billion next year.

Today is Friday, June 19, 2020, and here is today’s essential intelligence.

Moving to a hot topic, for European gas, all eyes will be on Russia and any changes in its supply behavior after President Vladimir Putin last week hinted that Moscow could increase deliveries to Europe. Lower-than-expected Russian gas imports have contributed to the record high gas prices on European markets so far in October, with S&P Global Platts assessing the day-ahead TTF price at an all-time high of Eur116/MWh on October 5.

Across Europe's liquid traded hubs with LNG regasification terminals, namely France, Spain, Italy, Belgium, the UK and the Netherlands, monthly imports amounted to just 3.12 million mt, equating to 4.306 Bcm of natural gas.

Yvo de Boer has been in the room for almost every COP meeting, the United Nations climate change summit held annually since the mid-1990s, serving as executive secretary of the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change between 2006 and 2010.

The Russian Ministry of Health announced on Aug. 11 that it had approved the world’s first COVID-19 vaccine—for a treatment that has been tested in just 76 people. “Russia has always been at the forefront of vaccine research,” Kirill Dmitriev, CEO of Russia’s sovereign wealth fund RDIF, told CNBC in an interview this week.

Uniper is working with Siemens Energy to explore the use of hydrogen in gas-fired power plants, Schierenbeck flagging the Irsching site near Munich as one option.

The 2020 global corporate default tally has reached 132, after six issuers defaulted since S&P Global Ratings’ last report. The 2020 year-to-date tally—at 132—has surpassed the full-year 2008 total of 127 defaults but remains below the 2009 year-to-date tally of 175.

In the time of coronavirus, protecting and promoting the health of both the global population and the global economy is a complex balancing act. “While the COVID-19 narrative across East Asia, then Europe, and the U.S. has been broadly consistent despite variations in the intensity of measures, emerging markets are struggling to contain the spread of the virus,” S&P Global Ratings Chief Economist Paul Gruenwald said in a recent report.

The tweet did not appear to move oil markets, which were waiting for greater clarity on the deal reached Sunday after Saudi Arabia, under pressure from the US, ended a four-day stalemate with Mexico that threatened to escalate a price war in the middle of the coronavirus crisis.

The task force needed access to comprehensive environmental data to create a baseline carbon footprint for the loan portfolio. With data on revenues and debt outstanding for each loan customer, it would be possible to calculate the portion of emissions being financed by the bank.

The first part of President Biden's "Build Back Better" program for economic recovery will look to reinvest in infrastructure and improve employment levels weakened by the pandemic. About half of the $2.3 trillion American Jobs Plan, combined with $0.4 billion in estimated clean energy tax credits, is targeted for traditional infrastructure.

For the broader statistics of COVID-19 and oil-related downgrades, see "COVID-19 Activity In U.S. Public Finance," published Nov. 17, 2020; "COVID-19- And Oil Price-Related Public Rating Actions On Corporations, Sovereigns, International Public Finance, And Project Finance To Date," published Nov. 17, 2020, and "COVID-19 Activity In Global Structured Finance As Of Oct. 16, 2020," published Oct. 22, 2020.

Houston — A Colorado-based wind farm developer has secured tax equity and construction debt for a 130-MW facility it is building in Indiana that will supply 80% of its renewable energy capacity under a 15-year power purchase agreement to Exelon Energy subsidiary Constellation, the developer said.

To properly assess the impact of excluding thermal coal companies, the index objective has to be considered. The S&P 500 ESG Index aims to offer a more sustainable version of the broad-based S&P 500, with similar risk and returns, making it a compelling tool for core replacement.

The European Commission is looking into allegations of possible anti-competitive behavior on the European gas market, a spokesperson told S&P Global Platts Oct. 6, following a number of requests for a probe given sky-high European gas prices.

Our view of the sector remains negative given the level of pressures brought by COVID-19 and the recession. While we expect most credits will experience only slight, if any, deterioration in 2021 and beyond, in the current environment we still expect downgrades to outpace upgrades.

Singapore — The meltdown in crude oil prices Monday is expected to reverberate through LNG markets as it makes oil-linked LNG cargoes 25-30% cheaper, narrowing the gap between spot LNG prices and long-term LNG contracts.

Crude oil futures largely held steady July 2 amid optimism that the OPEC+ group would agree to smaller production hikes below market expectations through the end of 2021, although oil prices settled for the day before a final agreement could be achieved.

The preliminary ratings assigned to OBX 2021-NQM3 Trust's mortgage-backed notes reflect our view of: The pool's collateral composition (see the Collateral Summary section below); The transaction's credit enhancement, associated structural mechanics, representation and warranty (R&W) framework, and geographic concentration; The mortgage aggregator, Onslow Bay Financial LLC (Onslow Bay), and the originators, which include AmWest Funding Corp and Sprout Mortgage LLC; and The impact the COVID-19 pandemic will likely have on the performance of the mortgage borrowers in the pool and liquidity available in the transaction. Our rating analysis considers a transaction's potential exposure to ESG credit factors.

Platts Analytics expects Iranian oil supply to rise to 3.87 million b/d by December 2022 if a deal is reached and US oil sanctions are removed. If talks are delayed further or collapse, the Iranian supply outlook would fall to 2.17 million b/d by end-2022, near last month's estimate of 2.15 million b/d.

With a poor crop in Kazakhstan, weather uncertainties in Australia and Argentina lowering wheat production forecasts, and the expected continuous growth of grain production in Russia, the importance of the Black Sea crop will continue, expanding the country’s share of the global export market.

London — Saudi Arabia and Russia appear at loggerheads over an extension to the historic output cut agreement by the so called OPEC+ alliance, just days before the producer coalition is due to hold its much anticipated meeting, according to people involved in the discussions.

Highlights
Gazprom ready to load gas
100 km remains to be laid
Russia targets 2021 completion
Gazprom is ready to fill the first string of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline with gas after completing all construction work, Russian President Vladimir Putin said June 4. Receive daily email alerts, subscriber notes & personalize your experience.

Environmental and social credit factors may affect the quality of the assets in the cover pool and the results of our collateral analysis. If, in our view, an environmental or a social credit factor presents a material risk to the repayment of the rated securities, it could impact the credit enhancement required to achieve a given rating, or potentially constrain the maximum potential rating.

In addition, international activity growth will "broaden" in the second quarter as seasonal recovery in Russia and China builds on continued growth in Africa, the Middle East and Africa, while Latin America remains "resilient," Le Peuch said, echoing largely similar comments by peer oilfield services provider Halliburton earlier in the week.

Gazprom CEO Alexei Miller said Sept. 2 that first gas flows via the almost-complete Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline from Russia to Germany could start before year-end, with all preparations made on the Russian side.

Mona Naqvi, Head of ESG Product Strategy, North America at S&P Dow Jones Indices, joins The Essential Podcast to discuss the issue of intersectionality for investment strategy, the difference between engagement and divestment, and the challenge of social measurement.

The "green revolution" in Europe is contributing to high gas prices, Vargha said, given that gas demand in the power sector is set to be supported by the move away from lignite and coal across much of Europe and the phase-out of nuclear in Germany.

London — Saudi Arabia and Russia are ready for "further coordination of actions" to ensure the stability of the global oil markets as oil prices have plunged amid concerns that the coronavirus will sap oil demand in the world's largest crude oil importer China.

The ability to provide ancillary, value-added services, while at the same time reducing service costs, are key success factors for this business segment. While we think that pressure from politicians, regulators, and competitors will remain high, we believe Enel is well equipped to address them.

For junior mining companies, the learning curve is steep, and many have yet to set ESG-related goals. In the lithium industry, just 22% of junior converting companies and 8% of junior mining companies report on ESG, according to an ESG report presented by Benchmark Mineral Intelligence on Oct. 14.

Initial unemployment claims have sustained a decline of an average 26,000 per week since May and 9,000 total during the first week of June—from the 800,000 claims that held for nine months from August 2020 through April 2021—due to stronger labor demand from the more labor-intensive service sector and other businesses at large, according to S&P Global Ratings Chief U.S. Economist Beth Ann Bovino.

What's happening? Daily LNG cargo transits to Asia via the Cape of Good Hope have recently widened their edge over transits via the Panama Canal, amid a US supply push, congestion at the Panama Canal and market dynamics.

As the coronavirus has forced the world to become more insular, the global tourism industry has not been able to conquer consumers’ fears of the pandemic to revive travel during the peak summer season. “No country has escaped the impact of COVID on tourism,” Sandra Carvao, the U.N. World Tourism Organization’s chief of market intelligence and competitiveness, said in a policy briefing on Aug. 25.

As the coronavirus pandemic crushed demand for coal throughout the U.S. and around the world, output from some of the top coal mines in the Northern Appalachian region in the eastern U.S. saw precipitous declines. The top 25 coal mines in the region by production volume produced 14.0 million tons in the second quarter of 2020, according to an S&P Global Market Intelligence analysis of industry-reported data collected by the U.S. government.

SKB-Bank said Jan. 27 it is working to set up an international investment bloc within its banking group that will offer trust management services, brokerage services, structured investment products, asset management, analytics and consulting services to retail investors. Corporate clients will also obtain access to additional corporate and investment banking services.

Banks have been drivers of ESG transformation in other countries, but in Russia the trend has been led mainly by large companies focused on exports, Sberbank of Russia ESG Senior Vice President Tatiana Zavyalova recently told Russian analytical company Frank RG. Zavyalova added that Sberbank, Russia's largest lender by assets, prepared its first ESG strategy only at the end of 2020.

"This is the OCC's reaction to banks making decisions not necessarily solely on financial metrics, but also to reputational concerns related to ESG," Geiringer said. "Banks and other companies are embracing ESG because they see that the two concepts are becoming conjoined, that investors are looking for banks and other companies to embrace ESG.

In the second episode of Beyond the Buzz, we delve into the topic of water – often referred to as “blue gold.” With water disputes on the rise, the World Economic Forum ranks water scarcity as more impactful than even infectious diseases in its 2020 Global Risks Report. S&P Global Ratings’ resident water risk expert, Beth Burks, joins Corinne Bendersky and Mike Ferguson in the episode to explore the myriad risks related to water and how they may be exacerbated by climate change going forward.

Moscow — Russia's largest crude producer Rosneft said Friday that its liquids production in the first quarter was at 4.64 million b/d (57 mil mt), down 2.2% year on year, and 0.7% lower on the quarter, due to continued compliance with OPEC+ commitments.

The pandemic disrupted nearly everything in 2020, and it brought a heightened focus on human capital management issues like employee safety. COVID-19 will be "a major theme of the coming year" in shareholder proposals, says Courteney Keatinge, a senior director of ESG research at Glass Lewis, which provides research and recommendations on how investor clients should vote on proposals from management and shareholders.

Taking a more proactive role in shaping both the national and regional health care systems. We believe the main social role of health care facilities is to provide access to affordable and high-quality care.

The European Central Bank has watched lenders' search for yield in the leveraged loan market with increasing concern as more loans push boundaries while the coronavirus pandemic forces pace on transactions, according to Andrea Enria, the ECB's top supervisor.

Moscow — OPEC and non-OPEC allies, including Russia, might consider ending their oil output curtailment deal next year in order to preserve market share and implement projects, according to Russian energy minister Alexander Novak.

Under the new output deal, Saudi Arabia had agreed to reduce crude oil production to 8.5 million b/d in May and June from a baseline of 11 million b/d.

Sources have said the OPEC secretariat has prepared a report on the coronavirus impact for members to review. China's ambassador to international organizations in Vienna, Wang Qun, was seen entering the OPEC building in Vienna where he is expected to brief the committee to give China's point of view.

In our view, the RBNZ's onsite supervision capabilities are less comprehensive than those of jurisdictions such as Australia, Singapore, Hong Kong, and Canada, which we view as strong. That said, we believe that the RBNZ's focus on self-discipline, market discipline, and the close involvement of the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA) in the regulation of the New Zealand major banks to an extent counterbalances some of the gaps in on-site supervision.

Some of those discussions took place among policymakers at a climate conference hosted by the Institute of International Finance last week. A top Securities and Exchange Commission official said the agency "can and should" help create a system for disclosing companies' climate risks, while a Federal Reserve governor said the central bank may create new supervisory tools to ensure banks are managing their climate risks adequately.

London — Russian integrated petrochemical company Sibur said Thursday that its newly built 100,000 mt/year dioctyl terephthalate (DOTP) plant in the Perm Krai region is now running normally following recent issues.

Spring wheat production accounts for about 30% of total wheat production in Russia, which has emerged as the world's largest wheat exporter in recent years.

Although the White House will still need to collaborate with Congress to draft the comprehensive legislation, the American Jobs Plan could transform the U.S. energy landscape if it can survive Republican opposition (and perhaps reluctance from some Democrats) alongside pushback from the oil and gas industry. Its provisions call for creating a federal energy-efficiency and clean- electricity standard, manufacturing electric vehicles and advancing charging infrastructure, and plugging abandoned oil and gas wells and reclaiming old coal, hard rock, and uranium mines across the nation, among others.

However, Rosenergoatom general director Pavel Ipatov claimed there was no need to build a nuclear power plant on the peninsula and recommended instead that Crimea develop non-nuclear thermal power, the Russian state-owned news outlet Tass reported at the time.

Built upon decades of portfolio carbon assessments and climate modeling experience, Trucost’s Paris Alignment Dataset is a key driver of the S&P PACT Indices methodology. Using transition pathway models to assess company-level alignment with carbon budgets, the data provides an accessible net zero pathway for indexing, plus multiple investment use cases.

US oil production weakness could weigh on global supply through 2021: IEA

With shale gas exploration and production companies pursuing similar strategies to generate free cash to pay down debts accumulated during the shale gas "rush" a decade ago, climate change and ESG issues will guide investors' decisions, Rice said. EQT recently announced it would pursue the goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions from its own operations to zero.

Saudi Arabia wants to tie a series of monthly OPEC+ production increases to lengthening the group's supply management pact through the end of 2022, while the UAE insists that its output target be increased before signing off on the extension.

In his address, Putin drew attention to Russia's advantage in carbon capture due to vast forests and land, which have already attracted the likes of BP and Shell to work with Russia on renewable and forestation projects.

OPEC late Thursday revealed a plan to slash its production quota by a further 1 million b/d for the rest of the year, contingent on Russia and nine other non-OPEC allies agreeing to shrink theirs by 500,000 b/d .

Russia's Omsk refinery processed 20.7 million mt of crude oil in 2020, its managing director Oleg Belyavsky told an in-house magazine. The refinery increased the output of high octane gasoline with 100 RON, winter and arctic diesel, jet fuel and bunker fuel.

However, Black Mountain is making a move toward investing in the transition away from fossil fuels. Black Mountain Metals LLC, seeks investment opportunities in assets that produce materials essential to batteries and other energy technology.

In this edition, we take a close look at the surge in U.S. LNG exports that has sent natural gas prices to their highest level in years amid a global energy crisis. World buyers are desperate to find available LNG cargoes, while natural gas experts say the U.S. may have reached an inflection point in its rise as an LNG producer.

ESG analysis considers an entity's interactions with the natural world and society, along with the quality of its governance. S&P Global Ratings believes ESG analysis provides a holistic view of potential areas of environmental and social risk and opportunity for companies in rapidly evolving markets.

The agreement signed Sept. 28 will see Rosneft and Equinor assess their joint projects for the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions and aim to achieve zero routine flaring of associated petroleum gas by 2030, the Russian company said.

Disclaimer Copyright © 2020 S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC. All rights reserved.

London — Algeria's state-owned Sonatrach said Thursday it has signed preliminary deals with Turkey's TPAO and Russia's Zarubezhneft with a view to cooperation in the country's upstream.

"While the ongoing global energy crunch is still largely present, oil prices pared back some gains this morning as further increase in US crude inventories for the fourth consecutive week may drive some expectations that the supply-demand outlook is not as tight as expected," IG Market Strategist Yeap Jun Rong told S&P Global Platts on Oct. 20.

London — Work will not resume to lay the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline in Danish waters on Jan. 15, with the vessel approved to carry out pipelaying not yet at the site of the unfinished pipeline, according to S&P Global Platts trade flow software cFlow.

The president warned Aug. 3 that the app would be banned on the basis of national security concerns if TikTok doesn’t find an American buyer by Sept. 15. As U.S.-China tensions escalate, the White House and the Committee on Foreign Investment, which has conducted a nine-month national security investigation into the app, have expressed concerns that the app’s data on U.S. users could be exploited by the Chinese government.

Finally, the divide between the two rates is most significant regarding their transaction rates. “SOFR is based on observable transactions in the largest rates market in the world at a given maturity.

Singapore — 0327 GMT: Crude oil futures rebounded Tuesday morning in Asia after settling at 18-year lows in the previous session, as sentiment improved after US and Russia agreed to hold oil market talks.

Under SFDR, asset managers, fund -- pension funds and insurance companies are going to need to disclose whether -- how they consider ESG risks in their investment decisions to help prevent greenwashing through more disclosures and information. They'll also need to highlight specifically where their ESG risks lie in their investments.

But to-date, asset managers have only had a relatively small universe of investable hydrogen companies to play with. According to JJ Traynor, managing director at HydrogenOne Capital Ltd., an investment company founded this year to invest in hydrogen, there are about 15 to 20 pure-hydrogen companies in the listed space that either produce the fuel or make related component parts.

Duke Energy has been the subject of Elliott Investment Management’s attention, a position no company wants to find itself in. The activist investor last week reiterated its concerns over the utility company’s leadership team, citing “anemic EPS growth and poor returns for shareholders as a result of avoidable operational, investment and strategic setbacks."

S&P Dow Jones Indices (S&P DJI) and BMV recently launched the long-awaited S&P/BMV Total Mexico ESG Index to great fanfare. The Mexican equities market is in the early stages of exploring ESG-related concepts, from sustainable assessments at the issuers’ level to sustainable investments for asset owners, asset managers, and regulators.

OPEC+ members may have to divvy up Mexico's cut and possibly even Iraq's expected lackluster compliance to implement their 9.7 million b/d cut extension. Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Kuwait had previously agreed to institute an additional 1.2 million b/d in cuts for June but had indicated they would not be willing to continue those curbs in July.

S&P Global Ratings has lowered its growth outlooks for many Asia-Pacific economies, particularly in Southeast Asia, due to the COVID-19 surges. S&P Global Ratings now expects full-year GDP growth for Asia-Pacific overall of 6.7%, down from the previous outlook of 7.1%.

Trilateral talks between Russia, Ukraine and the EU on the future of Russian gas transit via Ukraine to Europe are set to resume on Thursday, senior European Commission official Maros Sefcovic said Tuesday. Moscow and Kyiv have held several rounds of bilateral talks in the past few weeks -- most recently on Friday -- in a bid to break the deadlock over gas transit from 2020.

For a U.S. investor, developed market exposure outside of the U.S. is a core building block in forming a comprehensive global portfolio. In part because of its status as the world’s first international equity index, MSCI EAFE enjoys a commanding market presence for international equity benchmarks.

S&P Global Ratings' view on the U.S. not-for-profit higher education sector has been negative for three years, and the COVID-19 pandemic and related economic impacts exacerbate financial pressures colleges and universities were already facing. Measures to contain the pandemic caused most colleges and universities to substantially reduce on-campus activities and send students home in the spring, resulting in a loss of auxiliary revenues and a move to online learning.

“California’s renewable electric system proved unprepared over the weekend to ramp up after the sun went down and wind power slowed. Our state did not have enough reliable, back-up power and hundreds of thousands of Californians were left in the dark,” Julia Prochnik, the executive director of the advocacy organization Long Duration Energy Storage Association of California, said in an Aug. 17 statement.

For decades, oil and gas producers have outsourced most of the activities associated with the lifecycle of oil or gas fields to OFS companies. We believe these companies, which provide drilling and construction and supply services, have similar above-average exposure to many of the same environment and social risks and requirements as oil and gas producers.

In the ESG world, data is fundamental to understanding risk. A new report by scientists cautions that climate change data is extremely nuanced and has a high potential for misuse with big ramifications when it comes to assessing financial risks.

Our rating analysis considers a transaction's potential exposure to ESG credit factors. For RMBS, we view the exposure to environmental credit factors as average, social credit factors as above average, and governance credit factors as below average (see "ESG Industry Report Card: Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities," published on March 31, 2021).

In this report, we analyze the environmental, social, and governance (ESG) credit factors for select U.S. public finance (USPF) government and not-for-profit enterprise issuers in the Tri-State region of New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut. The list of entities highlighted in this report is not exhaustive but rather illustrative more broadly of the region's key ESG risks and opportunities and our view of where issuers across different sectors are positioned relative to those risks and opportunities.

There were 31 ESG-related credit rating actions in June, including seven downgrades and six upgrades. Social factors drove 55% of last month’s ESG-related credit rating actions, and 30% and 15% were driven by governmental and environmental factors, respectively.

International carbon volumes were boosted by the exchange's new Global Emissions Offset contract – a standardized benchmark contract for the global voluntary carbon market.

Russia is considering a variety of measures to step up tax revenues from its metals and mining sector, including potential corporate income tax increases and a separate tax on steel sales, but the measure policymakers will opt for, or whether they will put in place several as a package, remains to be seen, according to media reports and notes by industry analysts.

Turning to the European gas market now, and prompt prices remain well above €40/MWh due to tight supply conditions, and all eyes remain focused on Russia, to see whether flows via Belarus and Poland into Germany will pick back up. Since the end of July, flows into Germany at the Mallnow entry point have been sharply reduced, in what is apparently a commercial decision by Gazprom, rather than an outage.

Some US lawmakers from oil producing states have pressed the Trump administration to intervene in Saudi-Russia spat, including urging Saudi Arabia to quit OPEC and join an alliance with the US instead.

Hydrogen adoption is widely seen as essential in the transition away from dependence on fossil fuel energy generation and toward a renewable energy mix. While the majority of hydrogen currently in production is generated from petroleum, natural gas, and coal, low-carbon hydrogen is lauded by market participants for its usefulness and versatility across the energy value chain.

ESG considerations form part of S&P Global Ratings' underlying corporate criteria. They could affect S&P Global Ratings' opinion on the creditworthiness of a corporate entity.

The Trump administration has rolled back regulations on the fossil fuel sector and taken credit for a surge in US oil production that stopped in February as the world locked down to prevent the spread of the coronavirus pandemic. Still, the Obama-era policy of ending restrictions on US crude exports is seen as the greatest driver of the US oil boom.

London — Russian LNG producer Novatek will be in a good position to exploit any tightening of the global market in the mid-2020s, following the recent string of new project deferrals and cancellations, as it positions itself to bring on significant new LNG production capacity in the coming years, CFO Mark Gyetvay said in an exclusive interview this week.

The SEC's priorities, which also included a focus on conflicts of interest for brokers and investment advisers, as well as and attendant risks relating to financial technology, provide insights into its risk-based approach, including the areas it believes present potential risks to investors and the integrity of the U.S. capital markets.

London — Russian premium unleaded gasoline 95 RON climbed to a record high on June 18 on the back of a rebound in driving to levels before the coronavirus pandemic took hold.

Most commodities within the agriculture space rallied in October, with the S&P GSCI Agriculture ending the month 3.6% higher. The S&P GSCI Kansas Wheat jumped 7.4% over the month.

More compelling evidence supports the presence of a greenium, at least in certain sectors. An analysis by S&P Dow Jones Indices (SPDJI) sought to isolate and highlight a investor greenium by constructing credit curves of similar bond issuance.

The drop in passenger volumes amid the pandemic has shown that the volume exposure of airport operators is higher than that of utility providers, for example water companies. This is why we assess airports as having higher industry risk.

US Steel has idled and restarted production at Granite City over the past five years. Depressed oil prices were one of the primary reasons the steelmaker idled both furnaces at the mill in 2015.

A growing number of countries are urging companies and financial institutions to report their climate-related risk on a mandatory rather than voluntary basis. While numerous climate risk reporting frameworks exist, the Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) has quickly become the gold standard endorsed by policy makers.

As of Aug. 10, 2021, we've completed over 90 ESG evaluations, including nine new evaluations since July 1. As of Aug. 10, 2021, we’ve also completed 25 framework alignment opinions and 95 green transaction evaluations.

Aligning portfolios with the taxonomy is a challenge for investors. Netherlands-based asset manager NN Investment Partners said in a July 19 report that 60% of its green bond portfolio was aligned to the EU taxonomy.

Bitcoin's high energy consumption is hardly news, but it hit the headlines afresh when Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk tweeted May 12 that the electric-car company would no longer accept payments in bitcoin due to its environmental impact. The price of bitcoin sank by $4,425.74 to $52,147.82 on May 13.

Russia's quota for crude production under the agreement was 8.99 million b/d for August-December, 2020. The deal does not include condensate.

This episode is the last in a series of podcasts exploring how banks in different parts of the world are adapting their environmental, social and governance strategies amid the coronavirus pandemic. In the last episode, we heard from Mikkel Larsen, chief sustainability officer at southeast Asia's largest lender DBS Group Holdings Ltd. who said pandemic had brought social issues to the forefront as companies grapple with the way they treat their employees, customers and those in their supply chains.

ResponsibleSteel is open to certifying steelmakers that use blast furnaces, as well as steelmakers that use coal-fired power as an energy source, it confirmed in an Aug. 23 email. The group's standards require steelmakers to measure and disclose their greenhouse gas emissions and are designed to "reward reductions in [greenhouse gas] emissions for all types of steelmaking … irrespective of any particular technology or steelmaking route," the email stated.

Libby Bernick, Global Head of Corporate Business, Trucost said, “Over 9,000 companies and investors with more than USD 4 trillion in assets have pledged their support to the SDGs. Seeking to translate awareness to action, the Trucost SDG Evaluation Tool is designed to provide data-led insights to assess and communicate progress to stakeholders.

Mr. Biden’s platform favors raising the corporate tax rate to 28%. He additionally has proposed implementing a 15% minimum tax on the profits reported to shareholders of companies with a net income greater than $100 million; applying a 10% offshoring tax penalty on U.S. companies' overseas profits earned on sales back to the U.S. and raising the tax rate on those profits to 30.8%; as well as granting a 10% advanceable tax credit for companies that make investments to create jobs for American workers and accelerate the economic recovery from the pandemic-prompted downturn.

PRESS RELEASE
PRESS RELEASE
S&P Dow Jones Indices Launches Green Real Estate Index Series NEW YORK, MARCH 19, 2019: S&P Dow Jones Indices (“S&P DJI”), the world’s leading index provider, today launched a new series of indices designed to represent real estate companies with a strong track record of sustainability performance. The index series is an extension of the Dow Jones Select Real Estate Securities Indices (RESI) and utilizes data from GRESB – a leader in evaluating Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) characteristics of real estate companies.

The embrace of ambitious carbon and coal-reduction targets is not ubiquitous throughout the cooperative sector. We believe that some utilities and their customers lack the financial wherewithal to support decarbonization undertakings or that the scope of such initiatives would be too great for the utility's size.

The COVID-19 pandemic has boosted demand for many cloud and IT services. This has, in turn, led to increased demand for leased datacenter space from cloud and IT service providers, as cloud providers' need for infrastructure has grown faster than expected and faster than they can build datacenters themselves.

"Consumers have all the right to go for substitutes when supply isn't available from Iran. Producers and fellow OPEC and non-OPEC members are entitled to fill the vacuum in the market," said Fereydoun Barkeshli, who worked for decades in the Iranian oil sector and is president of the Vienna Energy Research Group.

What’s the material impact of the ESG data and scores on index construction and risk/return? Join S&P DJI’s Jaspreet Duhra, UBS Asset Management’s Andrew Walsh, and S&P Global’s Manjit Jus as they discuss the increasingly important role of market-leading ESG assessments.

The demand from investors for environmental, social, and governance (ESG) data and products has never been stronger. This reflects the increasing awareness regarding the financial materiality of ESG issues and the role they can play in impacting a company’s performance.

The existing gas supply and transit deal between Russia's Gazprom and Ukraine's Naftogaz expires at the end of 2019 and there had been concern that, without a new contract to take effect from January 1, Russian gas transit to Europe via Ukraine could be disrupted.

"There is also talk that Gazprom will supply gas directly to Ukraine to compensate a $2.56 billion arbitration award. On December 2, the Ukrainian energy minister said that Ukraine would be ready to buy Russian gas.

In September, December-arrival barrels of Tupi crude were assessed at an average premium of $4.46/b to Platts Dubai, DES Qingdao, higher from an average premium of $3.49/b to Platts Dubai for November-arrival crude, Platts data showed.

New Delhi — The Russian government on Friday proposed a quota of 7 million mt for export of grains, comprising wheat, corn, barley and rye, for April to-June in order to stabilize the domestic market.

The failure of the ROHU process -- the second phase of the Bulgaria-Romania-Hungary-Austria (BRUA) pipeline project -- was seemingly triggered by a classic 'Catch 22' situation.

Among the industry's biggest players, Rio Tinto, Vale, BHP and Anglo American have blazed the trail with driverless iron ore trains in the Pilbara, a truckless conveyor-belt ore transport system in Carajas, electric vehicles in the Olympic Dam underground copper mine and "FutureSmart" intelligent mine initiatives in South Africa, but at considerable expense. Medium-size mine operations will need to follow to be able to compete: so far only one mine, Resolute Mining's Syama underground gold mine in Mali, using Sandvik equipment, is reportedly fully-automated from extraction to haulage of the mined product, although human intervention is still required for pre-setting of where to blast.

Today is Tuesday, June 23, 2020, and here is today’s essential intelligence.

The U.S. economy has taken a few promising steps toward recovery, with consumer spending largely resilient through the summer and the unemployment rate declining a bit more than S&P Global Economics had forecast (though still in recession territory). S&P Global Economics expects a 29.5% bounce in third-quarter U.S. GDP, though that will only partly offset the massive losses in the first half of the year.

Approximately 5 million businesses across the U.S. have received portions of the $520 billion in federal loans allocated through the PPP. The SBA’s program is designed to provide enterprises with fewer than 500 employees funding to incentivize maintaining employees on payrolls.

Recent gains in energy prices, including natural gas in Europe, Asia and the US, are due to "particularly strong, strong demand in Asia on the back of the pandemic," Looney said, following a very cold winter in Europe that stretched into April and May this year, causing storage levels to drop, along with lower rainfall in Brazil which curbed hydropower output which pulled LNG into Latin America from the US and delayed plant maintenance including by BP because of COVID-19 brought forward into this year.

London — Russia's Gazprom said Feb. 1 its gas sales in Europe and Turkey rose to their highest ever level for the month of January, reaching 19.4 Bcm.

London — Saudi energy minister Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman delivered a stark warning to his OPEC+ counterparts, urging the coalition to stay disciplined with their crude production or risk upending the oil market's recovery fostered by their historic output cuts since May.

Iran pumped 2.43 million b/d of crude oil in May, according to the latest S&P Global Platts survey of OPEC production, down from a pre-sanctions high of 3.83 million b/d in May 2018, just before the US pulled out of the nuclear deal.

The dominance of Europe is "historic" since green finance was "essentially developed within European centers," Mills said. Other locations in the top 10 include Zurich, Luxembourg, Geneva, Stockholm, Oslo and Paris.

Edison's plan specifies which types of energy investments are eligible for funds it will raise from bond issuances and other finance instruments and which are not. Clean transportation, renewable energy and energy efficiency projects are included, for example, but nuclear energy and large hydroelectric investments are not because investors typically avoid such projects, Murphy said.

An issuer's ability to modify benefits, funding methods, or plan assumptions to mitigate risks is considered in both an ESG-focused assessment of governance and the overall credit rating analysis. For example, in the state of New York, local governments do not have authority to prefund OPEB benefits in an irrevocable trust, limiting their ability to mitigate risk from rising costs.

London — OPEC remains hostage to Russia's reluctance, with plans still in limbo on instituting deeper production cuts to ward off the coronavirus' impact on oil prices.

The preliminary ratings assigned to CIM Retail Portfolio Trust 2021-RETL's commercial mortgage pass-through certificates reflect S&P Global Ratings' view of the collateral's historical and projected performance, the sponsor's and managers' experience, the trustee-provided liquidity, the loan's terms, and the transaction's structure. We determined that the trust loan has a beginning and ending loan-to-value (LTV) ratio of 85.4%, based on S&P Global Ratings' value.

Weight in S&P Dow Jones Indices: Saudi Arabia currently resides outside of both the S&P Frontier BMI

Compounding extreme weather and climate-related events are also reshaping the insurance landscape. In the U.S. alone, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration data shows that 2020 had 22 extreme weather and climate-related disasters, each with losses greater than $1 billion.

Moscow — Russia's crude and condensate output was again above its target level under the current OPEC+ agreement in October, totaling 47.5 million mt, equivalent to around 11.23 million b/d, according to preliminary data released Saturday by the Central Dispatching Unit of the Russian Energy Ministry.

Moscow — Saudi Arabia's "brilliant move" to unilaterally reduce oil output additionally by 1 million b/d has been a great contribution to the stabilization of the global oil market, Kirill Dmitriev, the head of the Russian sovereign wealth fund RDIF, said Jan. 27.

The flexibility of sustainability-linked loans makes them particularly attractive to so-called hard-to-abate borrowers, such as those in the transportation, chemicals and heavy industries sectors, who have taken up the product to a greater extent than anticipated, said Kevin Ranney, director of advisory services at Sustainalytics, which advises issuers on such loans. These sectors are among the top users of sustainability-linked loans, according to Nordea Research, which called the instrument "a relevant alternative for entities within sectors that are not green by nature."

This reliance on Groningen came despite the fact that, pound for pound, Groningen gas has less energy than gas sources from the likes of Norway and Russia. Groningen’s gas contains a high concentration of nitrogen and is classed as low-calorific gas, unlike alternatives from other sources with lower nitrogen content – high-calorific gas.

While often compared, S&P Dow Jones Indices’ benchmarks—the DJIA and younger S&P 500, which both track large-cap equities—are markedly different. The S&P 500 is float-market-cap weighted and measures the performance of 500 companies, in contrast to the price-weighted DJIA and the 30 companies it tracks.

Methane is a potent greenhouse gas, and most leaks happen before the natural gas or LNG reaches the EU, so a new EU policy on methane emissions could have far-reaching impacts on the global gas market.

Where does S&P DJI get its ESG data? S&P Global provides the data that powers the globally recognized Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI), S&P 500 ESG Index, and others in the S&P ESG Index Series.

S&P Dow Jones Indices has collaborated with GRESB, a leader in evaluating ESG characteristics of real estate companies, to create the Dow Jones Select Green Real Estate Securities Indices (RESI). The indices, which use data from GRESB, are designed to reflect the investment characteristics of conventional real estate benchmarks but with an improved sustainability profile, thereby providing a sustainable alternative to existing mainstream real estate offerings.

This would be on top of their existing 1.7 million b/d cut deal, which would be extended, the sources said.

Russia's mineral wealth is nevertheless aligned with growing demand for a range of minerals necessary to changing technological needs, from battery metals to rare earth elements — of which the Arctic holds around US$1 trillion worth, according to the U.S. Air Force report. The sustainability of their extraction is coming under greater scrutiny, though.

Singapore — The new prompt August spread between ICE Brent and Dubai crude futures flipped to premium in mid-morning trade in Asia June 1 as tensions between Russia and other OPEC+ members weighed on Middle East crude sentiment, market participants said.

As the health and safety crisis resulting from the pandemic wanes in the U.S., S&P Global Ratings believes U.S. public finance (USPF) issuers will face challenges adapting to a rapidly evolving environmental, social, and governance (ESG) landscape while adjusting to a sharp shift in federal policies under the Biden administration. We believe these issues will shape emerging risks or opportunities with the potential to alter USPF issuers' credit fundamentals.

Source: Konstantin Zavrazhin /Getty Images News via Getty Images
The Russian metals sector may be a target for future U.S. sanctions if President Vladimir Putin escalates a growing battle with the West through military action, former U.S. government officials told S&P Global Market Intelligence. The Biden administration on April 15 expelled 10 Russian diplomats from the U.S. and banned U.S. banks from buying sovereign bonds issued by Russian institutions, part of a swath of sanctions in response to Russia's attempts to influence the 2020 U.S. presidential election, its decision to gather troops on its border with Ukraine, and an alleged global cyber espionage campaign.

We believe that some sovereigns in the core Islamic finance countries will tap the sukuk market more aggressively in 2021. We also foresee an increase in issuance by corporates.

With the support of platinum group metals miner Anglo American Platinum Ltd. and growing research behind the technology, the "next stair-step up in battery performance" is around the corner, said R. Michael Jones, president, CEO and director of Platinum Group Metals Ltd. Lion Battery Technologies Inc., a venture Platinum Group Metals launched with Anglo American Platinum in 2019, recently received a patent related to the use of platinum group metals, carbon nanotubes and other innovations to boost lithium battery performance.

Lee also said she sees climate risks as generally different than other ESG risks given the "staggering complexity" of climate change and that no real question exists as to whether it poses a future risk to companies. With climate change, "people can't really build risk models that generally draw on historical information on how risk manifests over time" like they can for other kinds of risks, she explained.

Although institutional investors continue to incorporate ESG into investment strategies, they said data quality and consistency are major barriers to further adoption. To deal with inconsistencies in ESG data, 73% of investors use and compare multiple sources of data, although doing so adds further complexity within the organization.

The lawsuits followed an 18-month investigation into Facebook, and came just months after regulators pursued similar action against Alphabet and other big tech firms. In October, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) and 11 states filed an antitrust lawsuit against Google, accusing the engine of engaging in "anticompetitive and exclusionary practices" that illegally monopolized general search and search advertising markets.

London — The developer of the almost-complete Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline from Russia to Germany said Feb. 26 that it had the financing in place to complete the pipeline, shrugging off a decision by Germany's Wintershall Dea to suspend its funding.

The S&P 500 ESG Index addressed the need for an index that incorporates ESG values while offering benchmark-like performance. Intentionally broad—including over 300 of the original S&P 500 companies—the S&P 500 ESG Index reflects many of the attributes of the S&P 500 itself, while providing an improved sustainability profile.

While other refiners and oil companies are starting to embrace ESG, it has been a key part of Meridian Energy's strategy since 2013, when the company was formed.

There are six participation banks in Turkey, three of which GCC financial institutions partly own and three that the government owns. The shareholders for the three banks controlled by GCC financial institutions are Al Baraka Banking Group, Kuwait Finance House, and Saudi National Bank.

"Environmental issues are the biggest risk among ESG factors to avoid in pursuing a deal," Rokuro Hara, CEO at J-STAR Co. Ltd., a Japanese private equity firm, told S&P Global Market Intelligence. "Investors want to entrust money to a manager [at PEs] that has developed an ESG policy," and integrating ESG into deal assessments helps "increase the value of our investment," he added.

What's next? Russia aims to capture 20% of global hydrogen market share by 2030, according to a government roadmap, with exports of 2 million mt/year expected by 2035, and 15-50 million mt/year by 2050.

The most selected reason for subscribing to TVision instead of another virtual multichannel service was “price for what you get” at 19%, among subscribers surveyed in Kagan’s February 2021 MediaCensus online consumer survey. However, with three tiered packages at incremental price points, TVision was not a budget service like Philo, which pitted the service head-to-head with more established services.

ABOUT TRUCOST, PART OF S&P DOW JONES INDICES, A DIVISION OF S&P GLOBAL Trucost is part of S&P Dow Jones Indices. A leader in carbon and environmental data and risk analysis, Trucost assesses risks relating to climate change, natural resource constraints, and broader environmental, social, and governance factors.

Due to strong growth, mortgage loans are likely to become Russian banks' main retail product in coming years. What's more, they will remain the most resilient segment in terms of growth and asset quality, helping banks balance credit costs and margins.

Worldwide, women represent 21% of the wind energy workforce, 32% of renewables overall, and 22% in traditional energy industries like oil and gas, according to International Renewable Energy Agency data. In the U.S., women hold just 27% of clean energy jobs and account for 25% of the total energy sector workforce, and Black professionals in the U.S. account for 10% of energy jobs and 8% of renewable energy jobs despite making up 13% of the country’s population, according to the advocacy group’s research.

As European nations have lifted the majority of their lockdown measures, mobility has soared to the highest levels since the crisis took hold in March 2020— approximately 12% below pre-pandemic levels in Germany, France, Italy, Spain, and the U.K., according to an S&P Global Platts analysis of Google data. With regional and international travel restrictions still in place, the potential for a slower-than-expected recovery in regional jet fuel demand remains.

Abu Dhabi, the oil-rich emirate in the seven-member UAE federation, plans to generate a third of its power from clean energy, including nuclear reactors, in four years, a government official told S&P Global Platts, as the country diversifies its energy mix and frees up oil and gas for export. Abu Dhabi, which sits on most of the UAE's oil and gas resources, is forging ahead with its renewable and nuclear power projects despite delays from the COVID-19 outbreak.

In this edition, we take a closer look at the rebound of bank M&A in the U.S. as deal activity continued to climb back to pre-pandemic levels. Over just the first seven months of this year, banks have announced 116 deals, compared with 111 over all of 2020. Credit unions also remain on the hunt for U.S. bank acquisitions as they use secondary capital to expand their deal capacity.

Although COVID-19 remains the biggest threat to portfolios, North American PE/VC firms are largely optimistic going into 2021, with most expecting to see investment activity increase and a majority of firms focusing on new investments, especially in the Healthcare and IT sectors. North American firms are also beginning to catch up to their global peers when it comes to factoring in ESG, with a growing number of respondents now committed to addressing ESG factors in some capacity.

ESG stakeholders are also seeking better data when it comes to corporate diversity. As we reported earlier this month, Nasdaq proposed requiring diversity on the boards of listed companies, but how exactly do you measure things like race and sexual orientation when data is scarce or nonexistent?

And our expectations are evolving. Our expectations are that our clients are going to assess and report their greenhouse gas initiatives.

Environmental, social, and governance (ESG) issues continue to gain the attention of consumers, investors, and other stakeholders who are putting pressure on businesses throughout the economy to take steps to move to a low-carbon environment. As a result, gathering appropriate metrics and reporting on ESG strategies are fast becoming business imperatives.

Indeed, the LNG picture for Greece so far in 2021 is in stark contrast to last year when LNG imports soared as traders looked to make the most of cheap spot LNG.

In this edition, we take a close look at the Build Back Better Act, the U.S. House of Representatives' new $1.75 trillion reconciliation package and infrastructure bill loaded with major climate and clean energy provisions. Renewable energy developers have welcomed the bill's proposal to expand and extend tax credits for clean power projects.

The sheer scale of demonstrations against racism and social injustice after George Floyd's death has led some corporations to publicly denounce all forms of discrimination, and we expect this will continue.

Banks are increasingly being pulled into companies' environmental, social and governance strategies. Since the outbreak of the pandemic, HSBC Holdings PLC, one of the world's largest trade finance banks, has seen "an acceleration" in the number of clients getting in touch to discuss sustainable supply chain finance solutions as well as other ways the bank can help to improve their supply chains, said Burcu Senel, HSBC's head of sustainability in trade.

The HM Treasury Women in Finance Charter, launched by the U.K. government in 2016, has now been signed by more than 400 banks and financial services firms, including many of Europe's largest lenders. Signatories to the charter commit to a range of measures, including linking senior executive pay to performance against internal gender diversity targets.

The experiences of fincos through the crisis are by no means uniform, with eight out of the 22 rated companies carrying a negative outlook. These include Swedish-based Intrum AB (publ), a credit management and debt purchasing firm that has been instrumental in the bad debt clean-up of numerous southern European banks, and Qiwi PLC, a Russian-owned payment services provider based in Cyprus.

Turkey remained the largest buyer of wheat from Russia, having purchased 3.1 million mt as of Oct. 28 in MY 2021-22, followed by Egypt at 1.9 million mt. Kazakhstan overtook Saudi Arabia to become the third largest buyer of wheat from Russia, having increased its purchases to 800,000 mt.

The demand from investors for environment, social, and governance (ESG) data and ESG products has never been stronger. This has triggered a growing industry of ESG data providers in the market.

In this week's highlights: commodity prices rebound, with Dated Brent breaching the 60 dollar per barrel mark, European carbon prices reach all-time highs, and Russia is set to introduce export quotas and duty on grains from February 15th.

ESG Evaluations are our view of an entity's capacity to operate successfully in the future and may be affected by the risks and disruptions caused by COVID-19. The ESG Evaluation comprises two assessments: the ESG profile considers near-term and observable risks and opportunities, and an entity's preparedness considers its ability to manage emerging, disruptive, and strategic risks.

Climate disasters such as hurricanes, droughts, and wildfires continually expose vulnerabilities of U.S. infrastructure. In this episode, Corinne Bendersky and Mike Ferguson discuss the Senate’s recently announced bipartisan infrastructure package and its implications related to ESG.

Algiers — Algerian energy minister Mohamed Arkab on Sunday appealed to global oil producers' "sense of responsibility" to forge an agreement on production cuts to rebalance a market upended by the coronavirus pandemic and a Saudi-Russian price war.

Gazprom -- the owner of the Nord Stream 2 operating company -- said last month it could supply 5.6 Bcm of gas via the pipeline in 2021, a rare piece of bearish news in the European gas sector.

Saudi Arabia and Russia are the largest crude suppliers to China, which imported a record 11.18 million b/d in November, according to the its General Administration of Customs, with state-owned companies favoring Saudi Arabian crude due to some joint venture projects and independent refiners favoring Russia's ESPO.

As traders rest their hopes on the twin pockets of demand, cash premiums for Russian crude grades -- ESPO Blend and Sokol -- have risen sharply for November-loading barrels. Analysts said Russian crude will stand to gain amid expectations of an overall recovery in regional crude demand through the remainder of the year.

From October 2020 onwards, U.S. municipal issuers started reporting the first audited financial statements for the period ending June 30, 2020. Using S&P Global Market Intelligence’s Public Finance Automated Scoring Tool, (PFAST), S&P Global Market Intelligence analyzed the data contained in the reports from 1,548 municipal issuers to understand the impact of the pandemic on local governments.

Moscow — Russia's largest crude producer, Rosneft, expects its 2020 liquids production to be at least flat on 2019, Rosneft's Vice President Eric Liron said Wednesday, during a conference call on the company's fourth quarter and full-year 2019 results.

US President Joseph Biden plans to press Russian President Vladimir Putin to crack down on ransomware attackers based in his country who are targeting critical US infrastructure like the Colonial Pipeline, White House spokeswoman Jen Psaki said June 2.

Environmental, social, and governance (ESG) issues continue to gain the attention of consumers, investors, and other stakeholders who are putting pressure on businesses throughout the economy to take steps to help move to a low-carbon environment. In response, ESG metrics and reporting are fast becoming a business imperative for some of the largest banks in the U.S., but even smaller banks are beginning to realize the importance of having a green strategy in place.

In recent years, socially responsible investing has gained importance worldwide. There has been a paradigm shift in investment strategy globally, whereby the number of market participants who have become socially conscious and want to hold investments in companies that acknowledge the relevance of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) factors in doing business has significantly increased.

There is a lot of discussion in Australia about climate change, and all financial regulators have some degree of climate reporting in their guidelines, although there are no mandatory requirements at the moment. While voluntary reporting is encouraged, it is not leading to the quality and consistency that is essential for investors to be able to integrate climate risks and opportunities into their decision-making.

The outcome of the presidential election will drive the direction of the U.S.’s energy production and consumption at a critical moment in the fight against climate change. While the pandemic's effects will cumulatively lower global energy-sector carbon emissions by 27.5 gigatons from 2020-2050—equivalent to almost one full-year of emissions—more than 10 times the emission reductions resulting from the current crisis would be needed to meet the Paris Agreement’s 2-degree Celsius warming target, according to research from S&P Global Platts Analytics and S&P Global Ratings.

As of October 2021, only 25% of U.S. REITs have portfolios where at least 25% of properties are considered green, according to Sustainalytics BV, Morningstar's ESG-focused data company. Only 17% of U.S. REITs have portfolios where 50% or more of their properties are green.

“Key stakeholders, including consumers and investors, have started pressuring companies to demonstrate their ESG credentials either through commitments and actions at the corporate level, the products they offer, or the instruments they use for financing. Governments and regulators have also introduced enhanced standards and regulations to support increased disclosure and consistency of ESG reporting.

"Such exploration activities will help in extending additional natural resources potential and reserves in Rio Muni, notably crude oil, natural gas and minerals. This falls under the increasing cooperation between Russia and the Republic of Equatorial Guinea, and will help in building a strong exploration base in the country," Gabriel Mbaga Obiang Lima, the country's minister of mines and hydrocarbons, said, according to a joint statement released by Rosgeo and the African Energy Chamber.

"These events are not isolated and are likely to be followed by further pressure on oil companies to decarbonize," he said in an investor note. "This might provide some advantage to Russian oil companies...

As ESG investing continues its rapid expansion, stakeholders’ desires for more comprehensive data will grow. Companies’ commitments to sustainability and diversity will require tangible data on how they are delivering real-world impacts.

Moscow — The Russian energy ministry expects the global oil market to balance in June or July as a result of rising consumption, as well as the drop in production in OPEC+ and other countries.

On the supply side, potential talks between the US and Iran could lead to sanctions relief that unlocks 1 million b/d or more of Iranian crude exports. Iran's oil minister, Bijan Zanganeh, has been invited to an OPEC+ monitoring committee meeting March 3 to provide an update, sources said.

Governance stands out against peers as a very important risk factor for our ratings on Casino. The group has a very complex corporate and ownership structure.

"In the last year there's been a sea-change in the kind of embrace and understanding" of climate, said Matt Arnold, JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s head of environmental, social and governance and corporate responsibility engagement, during a climate conference Feb. 22. "Certainly at the top of our house.

Michael Ferguson of S&P Global Ratings pointed out that S&P Global Ratings has been including climate risk exposure into credit ratings for some time. S&P Global Ratings has drawn on that experience in introducing their new ESG Evaluations which use the same group of industry and sectors analysts as the credit rating group.

M&A has been a bright spot for global investment banks. The second quarter was the third consecutive quarter in which total announced M&A value surpassed $1 trillion, according to S&P Global Market's Intelligence.

In early January, Iran confirmed a plan to increase uranium enrichment up to 20% as a counter-measure against US sanctions as Iran used measures foreseen in the JCPOA to scale back restrictions in case of non-compliance of parties with their obligations. Iran's new enrichment level was a further violation of the 2015 nuclear agreement signed with the US, UK, France, China, Russia and Germany.

Investments in key sustainability sectors could help to strengthen the pace of Latin America's economic recovery in a post-COVID-19 world, though the region needs to offer more ESG-qualifying assets to do so, experts say. Global funds that invest under ESG principals topped $1 trillion in assets under management amid the COVID-19 crisis, according to data compiled by Morningstar.

ESG risk analysis continues to be an important strategic issue for global financial institutions as they strive to assess and manage their current and future climate-related risks. Companies and financial institutions will need to be innovative and flexible to address changing regulatory requirements, respond to market drivers and align with global commitments, such as the Paris Agreement.

The highlights in Asia this week: Platts APPEC conversations keep oil markets abuzz, thermal coal traders eye further easing in Chinese import quotas, and bearish sentiments grip the dry bulk shipping sector. But first, the roadmap for oil demand recovery is in focus at the 36th Asia Pacific Petroleum Virtual Conference organized by S&P Global Platts.

Belarus has been able to secure a stable gas price from Russia, at a time when European gas prices continue to rise because of low storage levels and competition with LNG in Asia. The two countries remain key energy allies despite some recent disagreements over price.

With many Western integrated oil companies starting to wind down their oil and gas investments and selling upstream assets as they pivot to cleaner energy, commodity traders have been tipped to pick up some of the resources being shed by renewable-focused energy majors.

Highlights
Some members seek relaxed output quotas with prices surging
Prince Abdulaziz says OPEC+ should remain vigilant on supply
London — Saudi energy minister Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman has again staked out a hawkish position on OPEC+ cuts, urging the alliance not to allow euphoria over surging oil prices to erode production discipline amid a still evolving pandemic outlook. Receive daily email alerts, subscriber notes & personalize your experience.

The coal industry was struggling even before the coronavirus pandemic transformed the global economy. But as governments pledge to invest in sustainable solutions to build back better from the current economic downturn, the situation has darkened for the fossil fuel industry.

The recent India-China dispute is over the planned construction of the Diamer-Bhasha dam on the Indus River in Pakistan-administered Kashmir (over which India claims territorial sovereignty). The Indus flows primarily through Pakistan, which has been suffering a water crisis in recent years.

he launch of the S&P 500 ESG Index in April 2019 signaled an evolution in sustainable investing. Indices based on environmental, social, and governance (ESG) data were no longer simply a means for companies to declare their sustainability credentials or tools to manage tactical investments playing a minor role in investors’ portfolios.

Separately, Belarus' Naftan refinery received the first batch of US crude, the country's Belta news agency reported, citing owner Belneftekhim. The US exported its first crude oil cargo to Belarus in mid-May after an agreement between the two governments in February to increase trade of American goods to the landlocked Eastern European country.

It plans to produce hydrogen from nuclear and renewable sources, but analysts expect natural gas to play the biggest role in production, due to Russia's vast gas reserves. Russia is targeting Europe and Asia as key export markets.

As the U.S. pressures the Chinese technology companies ByteDance, WeChat, and Huawei, trade talks between Washington and Beijing are at a standstill—putting their phase-one trade agreement on ice. “I don’t want to talk to China right now,” U.S. President Donald Trump said in Arizona on Tuesday after indefinitely postponing the negotiations over the weekend, according to Bloomberg.

Grocery prices are on track to rise between 2.5% and 3.5% this year, largely driven so far by surging beef and veal prices, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Economic Research Service. The agency forecasts prices will rise in 2022 by up to 2.5%.

Given that many ESG factors can and do affect debt issuers' cash flows and likelihood of default, they are important elements in our evaluation of credit quality across all ratings and many are embedded in our sector-based criteria. As a signatory to the United Nations Principles for Responsible Investment (UN-PRI) global initiative to promote greater transparency and consistency of ESG factors in the credit rating process, S&P Global Ratings believes it is important to highlight how it incorporate these factors into its public finance credit analysis.

Unlike the technological disruptions and negative credit outlooks seen in Asia and Australia alongside the low-tier stability seen across Europe, REITs in North America may see a thriving future after experiencing turbulent performance throughout the pandemic. For example, U.S. equity REITs raised $104.01 billion through capital offerings in 2020, up 2% from 2019, but saw their capital market activity plunge by nearly 80% month-over-month in July to $3.03 billion, the lowest total seen so far this year, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence data.

Closer to home for the alliance's core Middle East members, the September/October spread for Dubai crude prices has blown out from 73 cents/b on June 30, the day before OPEC+ ministers began their negotiations, to $1.53/b on July 9, the highest since January 2020, according to Platts assessments. The spread widens even further with the November prices.

Velke Kapusany is the historical entry point on the Slovakia-Ukraine border for Russian gas destined for Central and Eastern Europe and Italy. Firm capacity is only available in the Ukraine-Slovakia direction.

Ovako expects to be able to fuel 169 trucks a day with enough surplus green hydrogen to travel from central Sweden's Hofors mill to Hamburg with a 68 MW electrolyzer project. Prospects are ripe for collaboration and mutual goals between industries, and feeding energy networks, Nystron said based on Ovako's experience.

The EU’s aim to be the world’s first climate-neutral region by 2050 could disrupt global commodity trade flows, as it mulls ways to cut its emissions while protecting its industry and raising money for postpandemic recovery spending. The European Commission wants EU governments to focus on switching more sectors to renewable electricity, improving energy efficiency, and replacing fossil fuels with hydrogen and other low-carbon gases and liquids, as part of its European Green Deal strategy to cut emissions.

Gazprom's gas exports to the Far Abroad (Europe plus Turkey minus the countries of the former Soviet Union) totaled 175 Bcm last year, meaning Gazprom's supplies to Europe could be flat in 2021 if they come in at the lower end of the forecast range.

S&P Global brings several proprietary data sets to bear on the issue. As shown in Figure 1 below, there are 22,000+ companies covered in the S&P Global Trucost environmental data set.1 By applying an array of cross reference and company relationship data, users are able to identify 954,000 related companies, along with 116 million associated financial instruments and a total of 4,922 credit ratings.

Higher inflation could likewise adversely affect emerging market economies. S&P Global Ratings expects the recent spike in U.S. inflation, which is believed to be transitory, to filter out of the economy over the year.

To meet its goal, Neterra is investing in lower power consumption air conditioning technologies in its data centers, and in hybrid and electric vehicles.

What’s happening? Prices of steel heavy melting scrap 1&2 (80:20) delivered into Turkey plunged almost 16% from mid-January to the first week in February.

Gazprom Neft has been working on expanding spare production capacity to raise oil output if allowed by the market and the OPEC+ deal in 2022, Dyukov said.

Singapore's local banks will likely see growth return in their trade financing business once global commerce flows resume, given the island nation's unique geographical position as a major transshipment hub, analysts say. The COVID-19 pandemic has hurt global trade flows this year, and Southeast Asia has been no exception.

Yuzhno-Russkoye produces 25 Bcm/year, provides Nord Stream gas

Carbon footprinting is a typical starting point for assessing the greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions associated with a portfolio, as it offers a baseline from which to mitigate risks. Carbon intensity (CI) is a measure that scales GHG emissions by company revenue to facilitate comparisons of emissions across entities of different sizes.

Despite these actions, low interest rates remain a risk for insurers. Average coupon rates on bonds are still declining by about 20 basis points per year in many markets, further undercutting insurers' returns on investment.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. While the show must go on for global media and entertainment sectors, current conditions present long-term challenges to innovation for television and film, gaming, and advertising industries that are faltering without a clear script to stage a comeback to pre-pandemic levels.

What are the barriers to sustainable finance? The EU High-Level Expert Group (HLEG) on Sustainable Finance’s interim report has outlined the systemic change needed to make financial markets more sustainable.

As cyberattacks increase in sophistication and frequency, U.S. public finance (USPF) issuers must embed cybersecurity into their comprehensive risk-mitigation strategies. We consider risk management and mitigation a governance factor under environmental, social, and governance (ESG).

One of the first orders of business under the Biden administration was rejoining the Paris Agreement, the international treaty on climate change within the United Nations Framework on Climate Change, which also led to reinstitution of a slew of emissions standards in the U.S. In April 2021, President Biden announced a new target for the U.S.: a 50%-52% reduction in economywide net greenhouse gas pollution from 2005 levels by 2030.

A technology that will be installed at the company's oldest mine, Golets Vysochaishy in the Irkutsk region, will allow it to extract gold from tailings containing 1 gram, even 0.5 gram, per ton of exhausted ore and overburden. The company will thus recover residue gold from gold-bearing tailings it accumulated over 20 years of mining.

London — Russian petrochemicals producer Sibur hopes to achieve consistent production and expand the grade portfolio in the next stages of the start-up of its ZapSibNeftekhim (ZapSib) complex.

Following an unprecedented U.S. transition to power, President Joseph R. Biden, Jr. took the oath of office on January 20, 2021. How will the Biden Administration establish a strategic agenda, as the country looks to recover from an economic downturn, with a rising tide of COVID-19 and vaccination rollout?

Saipem is also involved in EPC work at a number of other LNG projects, including the Nigeria LNG Train 7 expansion, the Novatek-operated Arctic LNG 2 in Russia, and the Tangguh expansion in Indonesia.

Participants in the annual S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA) find value in participation process itself as well as the benchmarking opportunities of the end results. The CSA is a key management tool to embed ESG thinking in your business model at each stage of a company's sustainability journey.

The Essential Podcast from S&P Global is dedicated to sharing essential intelligence with those working in and affected by financial markets. Host Nathan Hunt focuses on those issues of immediate importance to global financial markets – macroeconomic trends, the credit cycle, climate risk, energy transition, and global trade – in interviews with subject matter experts from around the world.

Slovakia is one of the main transit countries for Russian gas supplies to Western Europe. It also has more limited reverse capacity for shipping gas in the opposite direction from Western Europe to Ukraine.

U.S. ABCP outstanding reached a peak of approximately $272 billion between March and April partly due to a relatively inaccessible term market, the dire need for companies to access short-term liquidity, as well as issuance from newer conduits. While U.S. sponsors were able to issue during this stressed period, albeit at higher pricing and shorter tenors, there were some draws under liquidity facilities.

The UK does not support Russia's Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline project to Germany and does not need its own long-term storage facility, UK Secretary of State for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Kwasi Kwarteng told a parliamentary committee Sept. 22.

Tokyo — Japanese refiners are stepping up their efforts to diversify their crude oil supply sources amid escalating tensions in the Middle East and the refiners may have to tap petroleum reserves in the event of crude supply disruption in the region, top company executives said Tuesday.

Amcor is a global packaging company with close to 250 sites in more than 40 countries. The company develops and produces packaging solutions for food, beverage, pharmaceutical, medical-device, home- and personal-care, and other products.

➤ Barclays PLC is weighing how to bring its whole lending portfolio in line with Paris Agreement goals
➤ Helping clients transition to low-carbon future is critical in reducing emissions
➤ No end to lending opportunities in green finance, but standards needed to avoid 'green-washing'
Barclays announced a new climate policy at the end of March to bring its lending in line with the Paris Agreement on climate change following pressure from shareholders to phase out its financing of fossil fuel companies. The bank had been singled out as a laggard and was the focus of the first shareholder resolution by institutional investors on climate change at a European bank.

Better data could provide a foundation for understanding current and future climate risks on the county level across the U.S. in coming years, providing insight into U.S. public finance—where consistent and comparative disclosure has been lagging. Water stress and heat waves are on the rise in the U.S., where water scarcity will affect 38% of counties in 2050 under a high-stress climate scenario (RCP8.5), raising risks under this scenario for their municipal water utilities, public-owned power utilities, and local governments.

"Currently we expect the future for ESG within the CLO industry will be for more positive screenings," said Paul Kalinauskas, a director in the structured credit group at S&P Global Ratings, at the webinar. "As we’re seeing more sustainability-linked loans, or more ESG components within products within the loan and high-yield bond market, there will likely be more CLOs able to positively screen.

An opportunity is knocking at the door of companies in Latin America. SAM, part of S&P Global[1] and a global leader in ESG data, published the SAM Corporate Sustainability Assessment Latin America Progress Report 2019, which revealed that, on average, Latin American companies only have one female director on their board of directors.

Spot supply of PCI has been scarce in recent years with few new projects coming online, and much of the PCI volumes have been sold on long term contracts to users in Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and India. However, the slow down in European steel markets last year had resulted in Russian PCI flowing into the Asian market, putting pressure on Australian PCI prices.

But first, in oil, compliance with OPEC+ production cuts showed signs of slipping in March, while output rebounded in two crucial countries exempt from cuts process: Iran and Libya. According to the latest Platts survey of OPEC+ production, Iranian output reached its highest level since August 2019, with Libyan output at its highest since mid-2013, as Tehran pushes up output in anticipation of a possible easing of US sanctions.

“Interestingly enough, in the past year, pretty much anybody could try to raise a SPAC succeeded in that, but we are seeing some SPACs, or some SPAC attempts, being withdrawn, suggesting that the market is cooling,” Ms. Naumovska told S&P Global’s Essential Podcast. “Also, if we just look at the SPAC activity in 2021, between January and March, in those three months, an average 100 SPACs per month IPOed.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. Investors’ concerns over climbing coronavirus case totals in Europe and the prospect that U.S. legislators won’t pass a new stimulus package before the November presidential election led to sell-offs across global equities markets on Sept. 21.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. Updating its official policy statement and economic projections, the U.S. Federal Reserve said it will keep its benchmark interest rate close to zero through at least 2023 and is now more optimistic about the U.S. economy’s recovery from the coronavirus pandemic than it was at the start of the summer.

“While COVID-19 will not abruptly usher in a new world order, it has forced oil and gas companies to reassess future investments and price assumptions, accepting that weaker demand is likely to keep oil prices lower over the long term,” the S&P Global Energy Transition Lab said in a recent report. “Because of this, combined with mounting ESG concerns, oil majors could reduce investments in traditional oil projects in favor of clean energy investments, in 2020 and beyond.”

“We think inflation fears are overblown and that orderly reflation, around a return to sustainable growth, is a healthy development for both macro and credit outcomes. The recent rise in U.S. Treasury yields, and its spillover into corporate bond yields, indicates greater confidence in a sustained economic recovery, including a normalization of both market functioning and risk pricing,” S&P Global Ratings Chief Economist Paul Gruenwald and Head of Global Research Alexandra Dimitrijevic said in a report last month.

Russia's state-run geological surveyor Rosgeologia shot 4,400 km of new seismic in the Riiser-Larsen Sea, off the coast of Antarctic's Queen Maud Land earlier this year, it announced in February. The first seismic survey in the area by Russia since the late 1990s, Rosgeologia said the purpose was to assess the offshore oil and gas potential of the area using the latest technology.

Datacenters receive a lot of attention for their environmental impact and regulations are changing, shifting the economics. Dan Thompson, principal research analyst, joins host Eric Hanselman to discuss some of the issues that datacenter operators face as they look for more green energy from electric grids that may not be able to provide it.

The new administration in the U.S. brings a significant change in tone on addressing climate risk. On Day 1 in office, President Joe Biden took steps to rejoin the Paris agreement on climate change and pledged to set the U.S. on the path to net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 with an interim target of decarbonizing the U.S. power sector by 2035.

The ESG Insider newsletter compiles news and insights on environmental, social and governance developments driving change in business and investment decisions. Subscribe to ourESG Insider newsletter, and listen to the ESG Insider podcast on SoundCloud, Spotify andApple Podcasts.

We are maintaining our price assumptions for nickel because new technology for producing nickel sulfate, an important ingredient in the production of lithium-ion batteries, from low-grade nickel pig iron (NPI) could materially expand the resource base for the battery sector, which is one of the key drivers of nickel prices recently, thereby easing the upward pressure on prices. Until now, companies produced nickel sulfate from high-grade nickel (about 40% of primary nickel supply in 2020) while cheaper low-grade nickel, such as NPI (about 45% of primary nickel supply in 2020), was primarily used in the production of stainless steel.

On May 24, 2021, Leveraged Commentary & Data (LCD) unveiled their ESG Leveraged Finance Tracker (ESG Tracker), a list that tracks loans and high-yield bonds in the U.S. and European markets that have an ESG component (see "Introducing LCD's ESG Leveraged Finance Tracker," published May 24, 2021). LCD intends to update this list weekly.

French banks may face higher credit risk upon the expiration of moratoriums on loan repayments, a COVID-19 measure to protect borrowers. As of June 2020, French, Spanish, and Italian banks reported the highest volumes of loans subject to moratoriums among European banks.

As demand for ESG continues to grow, how is the S&P 500 ESG Index helping investors reinforce core allocations and align objectives with ESG values? S&P DJI’s Maggie Dorn and State Street Global Advisors’ Brie Williams take a closer look at the potential benefits of putting this index to work in purpose-built portfolios.

London — The London Metal Exchange will be launching a standalone spot trading platform next year for the exchange of aluminium warrants, enabling downstream users to procure metal with their required characteristics, such as low carbon, an LME spokeswoman told S&P Global Platts June 5.

We affirmed our 'BBB' local currency and 'BBB-' foreign currency ratings on Russia-based Gazprom because, despite the increased industry risk, the company's diversification and low costs support our satisfactory business assessment. Gazprom is the world's largest integrated gas company and also benefits from a stable domestic Russian gas market.

Russia has repeatedly said that the early launch of Nord Stream 2 would help ease the current high gas prices in Europe, which have soared in recent weeks on intensifying concerns over winter gas supply amid lower-than-expected Russian deliveries.

What's next? S&P Global Platts Analytics expects European natural gas prices to remain highly elevated over the winter heating season.

The cruise industry, including Carnival, is more exposed to environmental risks than the broader travel and leisure industry because of ship emissions; increasing environmental regulations and complexity, including the 2020 global cap on sulfur content of marine fuels; and potential environmental damage that could result from a ship accident. Although Carnival has occasionally incurred fines for not fully complying with environmental rules and regulations, these costs have not materially increased financial risk.

Saudi Arabia cutting April prices for key export regions of Asia and Europe will likely set off a price war among producers in the Middle East and Russia, market participants said.

This article is reprinted from the Indexology blog of S&P Dow Jones Indices. In 2020, the 21st rebalancing of the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSJ) occurred; however, this is the first time it has taken place solely under the umbrella of S&P Global (after S&P Global’s acquisition of RobecoSAM’s ESG Ratings business in January 2020).

As the historically unusual election season in the U.S. nears its Nov. 3 climax—with the race thrown even further into uncharted waters with President Donald Trump's contraction of COVID-19—S&P Global Ratings has analyzed the platform of the president's Republican party and that of presidential nominee Joe Biden and the Democratic party. With 35 of 100 Senate seats (23 Republican, 12 Democratic) and all 435 seats in the House of Representatives at stake, S&P Global Ratings remains impartial to the politics and rhetoric of the race.

London — Russian refineries are starting their usual spring maintenance period at the end of March, early April, with works set to be spread over the next few months.

"Continuing jobless claims fell last month, which is a positive on the face of it, but the worry is the decline could be people have just fallen off and are no longer on benefits because they have been unemployed for so long," Beth Ann Bovino, S&P Global Ratings' U.S. chief economist told S&P Global Market Intelligence. "For the people in leisure and hospitality, the longer this fire lasts, the longer they stay unemployed.

Malabo, Equatorial Guinea — The first "hint" of how the major Fortuna gas discovery offshore Equatorial Guinea will be developed is likely to come in January or February, the country's oil minister Gabriel Obiang Lima said late Wednesday.

How to effectively treat environmental, social and governance issues, collectively known as ‘ESG’, is shaping up to be one of the most significant agendas of our time and is becoming a major strategic imperative, especially for large and public organizations. The ESG mandate is, however, challenging for many companies to embrace – it is broad and complex, and still immature in need of more industry standardization.

The financial market needs to help facilitate an adequate flow of capital towards a low-carbon economy. To help investors track their portfolios and benchmarks against the goal of limiting global warming, we developed a transition pathway approach that examines the adequacy of a company’s emission reductions over time.

What's next? The National Food Supply Company has forecast Brazil's corn export to reach 34.5 million mt in 2019-20, down 17.3% from the previous marketing season.

All of these examples suggest that a greenium may be present in certain sectors, providing a pricing benefit to issuers who can demonstrate the required ESG credentials, but this evidence is not definitive given the various factors that influence bond pricing. Furthermore, liquidity in sustainable debt markets is unlikely to approach the levels of conventional markets until the sustainable debt markets make further progress in addressing its key challenges.

The mining industry is responsible for sourcing the supply of battery and rare earth metals like cobalt, lithium, nickel, and dysprosium used in solar panels, electric vehicles, and other sustainable solutions. Demand for such minerals is accelerating now as more companies and countries act on their net-zero ambitions, and is likely to increase in the coming years.

The challenge for investment managers will be how to integrate climate risk successfully into M&A activity, often in the absence of sufficient climate-related disclosure. This is where asset level data and climate-risk models can help.

Panjiva’s data shows that U.S. imports of cobalt and nickel have grown by 10.5% and 7.4% respectively in the 12 months to July 31 versus calendar 2016 on a compound annual basis. Yet, there’s been a slump of 24.3% in cobalt imports and a 3.2% dip in nickel shipments in the past 12 months likely linked to manufacturing closures during COVID-19.

According to S&P Global Market Intelligence, U.S. banks’ total PPP loan balances grew in the third quarter due to lending that continued through August and a complicated forgiveness process that has been slow to start due to changing guidance and difficulties processing the loans. The federal loans accounted for 4.7% of the U.S. banking industry’s total loans and leases by Sept. 30.

While governance is a material factor for all companies, social risks, similar to environmental risks, are more material for some borrowers versus others, depending on the sector in which they operate, plus their location and level of diversification. Therefore, we have developed an ESG sector materiality map.

The previous low for the spread was 21 cents/b, assessed on February 14, 2019 amid US sanctions on Venezuela, which clamped down supply of high sulfur crude oil from the South American nation.

The value of global assets with an environmental, social, or governance (ESG) focus topped $1 trillion in the first half of 2020, as the largest institutional investors and companies pledged to tackle climate change and address social issues. Despite this growth in ESG assets, incorporating ESG factors in equity portfolios is perceived to lead to lower returns.

Banks are treading water as the coronavirus crisis stirs up a storm of problems—including low interest rates shrinking lenders’ profits, dramatic and widespread unemployment, and deteriorating credit conditions. Three of the biggest banks on Wall Street have provisioned $28 billion combined in rainy day cash for present and future loan losses.

The Russian gold sector asked for state support as exports of the precious metal falter with regular and charter flights suspended since the end of March and international flights suspended since early April due to the coronavirus pandemic. Russia recorded 1,175 new cases of coronavirus on April 8, the largest daily rise to date.

The first few months of 2020 saw major changes to Russia’s political and energy landscape, as President Vladimir Putin proposed amendments to the constitution, the country’s crude production agreement with OPEC dramatically collapsed, and the coronavirus pandemic caused chaos on global markets.

“Over that 30 years, [the S&P GSCI has] really paved the way in terms of index innovation in the commodity market. Today, just as it was when it launched in April 1991, it's the most widely recognized commodity index benchmark.

Challenges remain at two levels: fund-level ESG management and portfolio-company-level ESG performance reporting. As I mentioned before even listed companies are at an early stage of managing ESG performance and reporting externally.

Dubai — The UAE sees a need for a new OPEC+ agreement to keep the oil market balanced, the country's energy minister said Wednesday in a tweet, as OPEC's third-largest oil producer announced plans to boost supplies in April and speed up expansion in production capacity.

Washington — A US Senate bill introduced June 4 aims to block completion of the 55 Bcm/year Nord Stream 2 natural gas pipeline from Russia to Germany by expanding existing sanctions to target more companies involved in building the project's final segment.

As oil prices dipped to levels not seen in nearly two decades, US shale operators slashed budgets and rig counts and braced for a hellish few months, if not years. Is even a modest price rebound possible in the near term?

However, more exports and the battle for market share have led to some problems, particularly over Europe's reliance on imports of gas from Russia as well as the influence the Kremlin has on countries that transit Russian gas to Europe. New export infrastructure has also been a key target for US sanctions introduced in 2014 over Russia's role in the conflict in Ukraine.

We partner closely with our regulators and, by and large, our plan is regulatory approved. We have a resource plan for the upper Midwest where we are asking the regulators to approve the shutdown of our final two coal plants.

In this week's newsletter we bring you a special series about diversity in the insurance industry. Following the death of George Floyd, U.S. regulators have renewed their focus on how race plays into insurance practices.

On Oct. 27, Russian President Vladimir Putin asked Gazprom to start refilling its gas storage sites in Germany and Austria as soon as it had completed injecting gas into domestic gas storage sites.

So-called blue hydrogen, viewed as a more sustainable alternative to traditional emissions-intensive "gray" hydrogen, has sparked a debate among scientists and energy experts of its green credentials. Researchers in the U.S. found that blue hydrogen produces 20% more carbon emissions in heat generation than natural gas.

We view SNC's management and governance as fair only, and less supportive when compared to the broader E&C industry. This primarily reflects cost overruns on a project to construct sulfuric acid plants at a copper mine in Chile and two infrastructure projects in Canada that led to significant losses realized in the fourth quarter of 2018 and first half of 2019.

The European Commission is seeking views on how to reduce leaks of potent greenhouse gas methane from oil, gas and agricultural sectors as part of the EU's efforts to become climate-neutral by 2050. Most of the methane leaks from fossil gas production and transport happen before the natural gas or LNG reaches the EU, so a new EU policy on methane emissions could have far-reaching impacts on the global gas market.

Nigeria's oil minister, Timipre Sylva, voiced his displeasure in the OPEC+ meeting, as did Algeria's Mohamed Arkab, multiple delegates said. Both countries are now appealing to the OPEC+ co-chairs, Saudi Arabia and Russia, for increased production allocations, as well, while Kazakhstan may also consider doing the same, the delegates said.

This marks a continuing trend from last year, during which the coronavirus pandemic’s severe contractions to global economic activity and mobility resulted in 226 global corporates defaulting—up 91% year-over-year to an 11-year high, according to S&P Global Ratings. The majority, or 146, were U.S. companies.

Moscow — Russian President Vladimir Putin reiterated Russia's interest in reaching an agreement with Ukraine over gas transit to Europe from 2020, during his annual press conference Thursday.

London — With oil demand crashing due to the coronavirus pandemic, the world's producers need to cooperate to rein in supply, Russian energy minister Alexander Novak said Thursday, urging countries outside the OPEC+ alliance to contribute output cuts.

Most European nuclear reactors were built in 1980s and early 1990s. Typically, their useful lives were initially set at 40 years and in some cases subsequently extended through additional investments and new licenses.

President Biden has prioritized investment in America's infrastructure since his administration's early days. The agenda has faced many hurdles with pressure from both sides of the political spectrum contributing to intense debates over the bill's final status.

London — The Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline project from Russia to Germany should be abandoned, a senior French government official said Feb. 1, given Moscow's stance toward opposition politician Alexei Navalny and his supporters.

China has laid out some lofty goals for its climate action. In September 2020, it pledged that it would peak its carbon dioxide emissions before 2030 and hit carbon neutrality before 2060.

Falih, who helped broker the OPEC-Russia alliance in late 2016 with Novak to stem what was then a three-year slump in crude prices through a series of production cuts, would be banking on his warm relationship with his Russian counterpart to smooth over tensions that have led to the biggest oil market rout in some 30 years.

We think that the COVID-19 pandemic--and the associated containment measures--will give the banking sector an additional push to increase customers' adoption of innovative financial technologies, thereby accelerating its digital transformation.

Though "blue hydrogen" made from fossil fuels is currently "a lot cheaper" even when done with carbon capture and storage compared to green hydrogen made from renewable energy, O'Brien questioned whether miners' customers would accept their use of fossil fuel-based, carbon-neutral hydrogen in the future.

"In the market, we see some optimism and positive dynamics in the indicators of population mobility and the recovery in demand from the largest consumer countries," Russian Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Novak said in his opening remarks to a key OPEC+ monitoring committee, which met prior to a teleconference with all ministers. "At the same time, we must closely monitor the situation and the spread of the coronavirus that is taking place, especially in some countries of the Asian region."

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. The number of Americans hospitalized due to COVID-19 is surging across the country to the highest total seen since August.

Imports from Canada of billet, slabs and foundry alloys to the US totaled 92,595 mt, up 103.69% year on year, as alloyed aluminum from Canada could flow into the US duty free and would not fall under the USTR guidance import levels that were set in 2020. Year-to-date imports of slab from Canada were up just over 70% as the tightening scrap market has forced some mills to go out into the spot market for more primary and slab to keep the chemistry mix of products.

After peaking in March, China’s steel production would have to decline 10% year-over-year to match 2020’s output, according to S&P Global Platts’ analysis of China’s National Bureau of Statistics data. But market sources told S&P Global Platts that China’s steel demand may not decline in the second half of the year since the output reductions to be implemented from July-December may lead to steel supply shortages, higher prices, and increased pressure on manufacturers.

The 1,057-MW Fosen Vind complex in Norway, made up of six wind farms, will sell about a third of its output to aluminum producer Norsk Hydro ASA. Source: Ole Martin Wold via Statkraft AS
Spurred by rising pressure to reduce emissions, corporations are increasingly buying electricity from wind farms and solar parks — and as demand for such deals grows, so does their scale and complexity.

Analysts with RBC Capital said Trump still retains the option of imposing tariffs on US imports of foreign crude – a move that would take direct aim at Saudi Arabia, which owns the largest US refinery, Motiva Enterprises in Texas.

Drummi Bhatt, Mitsubishi Power Americas: To operationalize the decarbonization vision, I think several kinds of renewable and short- and long-duration energy storage technologies are needed to work seamlessly together, and these are the technologies we have been exploring for years. On the short-duration energy storage side, Mitsubishi sells the lithium-ion battery storage systems that excel at affordably storing renewable power for up to four hours, which is very useful for moving power from the afternoon to the early evening, or for other short-term uses.

Several Rio Tinto executives left the company in mid-September due to controversy created when the company's iron ore mining operations resulted in the destruction of historic Aboriginal heritage sites in Australia. Communities in Papua New Guinea also filed a complaint in September, accusing Rio Tinto of introducing dangerous pollution at a former copper-gold mining operation in the country.

In all scenarios, Russia sees gas condensate output rising steadily from 36.4 million mt in 2020 to 57 million mt in 2035, supported by the increasing role of gas and LNG in the Russian energy mix.

In the latest episode of ESG Insider, a podcast hosted by S&P Global, we dive into stakeholder capitalism — what it means and what people were saying at the Davos gathering. You'll also hear an interview with the World Economic Forum's Project Lead for ESG, Emily Bayley.

American Water Works Co. Inc. (American Water) is a publicly traded utility holding company that provides, through its subsidiaries, water and wastewater utility services to about 15 million people in about 1,600 communities across 16 U.S. states. Based in Camden, N.J., American Water is the largest investor-owned water utility company in the U.S. and one of the largest in the world, as measured by operating revenues and population served.

"We don't target certain price levels," Prince Abdulaziz said. "We aim to stabilize the oil market [and] encourage investors to continue their investments through what they see are stable markets."

German foreign minister Heiko Maas has rejected calls for the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline project to be halted amid increased tensions between Russia and Ukraine, warning that such action could lead to a further escalation.

"Gas pipelines usually run on gas compressors, which are Scope 1 emissions, while crude and NGL pipelines run on electricity, which is Scope 2," the Bernstein analysts wrote. "Since midstream companies tend to favor reporting only Scope 1, this actually makes gas pipelines appear to be big emitters, and crude and [natural gas liquids] pipelines as negligible.

The Russian government will apply export duties to a range of base metals including steel, aluminum, nickel and copper. That follows a similar move in the food sector and is an attempt to manage domestic inflation.

Several other REITs made net-zero pledges in recent years, including Boston Properties, Kilroy Realty Corp., AvalonBay Communities Inc., Hersha Hospitality Trust, Prologis Inc., Digital Realty Trust Inc., Simon Property Group Inc., Host Hotels & Resorts Inc. and Healthpeak Properties Inc. Real estate brokers CBRE Group Inc. and JLL set net-zero goals in 2020.

Hosts Tom and Jim cover hot topics from this year’s SFVegas. Matt Mitchell joins to discuss ESG, which remains a challenge in the structured finance markets due to the lack of data standardization, as well as how the importance of individual E, S, and G factors varies between issuers and investors.

Singapore — 0225 GMT: Crude oil futures dipped during mid-morning trade in Asia Friday after uncertainty surrounding OPEC+ supply sparked off a sharp decline overnight Thursday, as the market look to Russia to approve the proposal for deeper production cuts.

In an article dated Oct. 13, a group of analysts from S&P Global Ratings pointed to recent policy reforms governing credit markets that appear to be aimed at restraining credit growth, reducing financial risk, reining in public enterprises, and diffusing social angst. Reviewing government actions in the past 12 months affecting credit markets, consolidation of State-Owned Enterprises (SOEs), and the technology sector, the analysts foresee potentially painful, but positive changes following a period of rapid growth.

"OPEC+ will find it increasingly difficult to walk the tightrope between volume and price, with the organization looking to both increase revenues and prevent a sizeable rebound in US market share," Platts Analytics said in a recent note. "It will only become more difficult for OPEC+ to maintain cohesion as inventories draw and prices move higher."

The S&P 500 delivered returns of negative 1% in January in a tough month overall for U.S. equities, but investors backing the S&P 500 Enhanced Value index did best, achieving returns of 1.9%.

With more than 16 million COVID-19 confirmed cases worldwide and more than 650,000 reported COVID-19 deaths, the pandemic continues to ravage economies and upend social norms. The World Bank’s baseline economic forecast sees a 5.2% contraction in global GDP this year.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. The actions of many major European energy companies are in stark contrast to the partisan fight over how to address anthropogenic climate change that continues to rage in the U.S. Alongside EU policy that is significantly supporting the growth of renewables in Europe, Total, Eni, Equinor, BP, Shell, and others have publicly committed to converting sizable amounts of their business to renewable energy sources in pursuit of being carbon-neutral by 2050.

Prince Abdulaziz said at the conference that the OPEC+ coalition was willing to give Iraq the benefit of the doubt to comply with output cuts. Iraq has consistently exceeded its quotas, with May crude oil production of 4.21 million b/d, far above its quota of 3.59 million b/d.

Since Feb. 1, Britain and other high-income countries such as Israel and the United Arab Emirates have continued their vaccination programs apace, while even relatively rich African countries such as South Africa continue to lag. This stark divide in access to vaccines to combat the pandemic underscores structural problems in the developing world, and in Africa in particular, where there are significant barriers to financing the procurement of life-saving inoculations, according to industry players.

Washington — Plunging oil demand and dwindling storage options -- not any supply-cut coordination with Saudi Arabia and Russia -- will force US producers to voluntarily cut output by about 30%-35%, Harold Hamm, Continental Resources executive chairman, said in an interview Monday.

Asset management firms continue to be pressured by investors, consumers, and regulators to develop and manage appropriate ESG strategies. They are looking to dig deeper on a range of ESG factors that are expected to have an impact on a company’s growth, profitability, capital efficiency, and risk exposure.

The weakening stand-alone financials stem from the company's heavy exposure to currently very difficult European gas markets, lower oil prices, sizable (even if somewhat flexible) capex plans in 2020-2021, and increasing dividend payout. Under our price assumptions of Brent at $30/bbl in the remainder of 2020, $50/bbl in 2021, $55/bbl thereafter, and only gradual recovery in gas prices from current levels of below $3 per million btu on the spot market in late 2020-2021, we expect Gazprom's ratio of funds from operations (FFO) to debt will be below our 30% threshold for a 'bbb-' stand-alone credit profile (SACP) in 2020, with potential recovery in 2021-2022.

Moscow — Russia and Saudi Arabia are not conducting a price war in the oil market, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Friday, according to the Prime news agency.

“The U.S. economy continued its strong reopening in June, with real GDP, in dollars, reaching its precrisis peak in the second quarter. According to our June baseline forecast, we expect that U.S. GDP will climb to its precrisis growth path in the third quarter this year, with stronger service consumption and cooler, but more sustainable, durable goods consumption and residential investment,” S&P Global Ratings Chief U.S.

The initial shock from the COVID-19 pandemic to emerging markets was external: a hit to trade and tourism, a slump in commodity prices, and capital outflows. Oil-exporting economies, such as Saudi Arabia, Russia, and Colombia, as well as economies with high exposure to Chinese demand such as Chile, suffered losses in export revenues starting in the year's first quarter.

Russia's energy mix has not seen a major shift away from coal. Also, compared with the EU, where the Third Energy Package stipulates gas and electricity to be a free market, the country regulates gas prices more closely.

Source: Pier Marco Tacca/Getty Images News via Getty Images
U.K.-based human rights group RAID accused The London Bullion Market Association of walking back on a pledge that it would suspend certifications for gold refineries suspected of violating its ethical sourcing standards, citing the gold trade group's report on responsible metals supplies stating that it would only do so "as a last resort." The association, or LBMA, is the world's largest gold exchange and has been seen by the corporate world as administering the best standard available to define gold and silver as acceptable for banks and manufacturers.

A broader-based rebound in commodity prices improves the earnings outlook for many commodity sectors following a challenging first half for the 2021 financial year (ending June 30, 2021). Coal miner Coronado Global Resources Inc.'s (B/Negative/--) earnings suffered heavily on the back of lower coal prices and China trade disruptions, at a time when the company faces mounting ESG concerns and weaker access to capital.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. With the U.K. hunkered down during its second coronavirus wave and leaders facing an imminent deadline to avoid a “no-deal” Brexit, the country has announced a 10-point “green industrial revolution” plan to become a net-zero economy.

London — International Energy Agency Executive Director Fatih Birol on Monday denounced oil producer countries he said were playing "Russian roulette" with markets, adding that an apparent price war was an attempt to "kill" the US shale sector, but was unlikely to succeed and could have "grave consequences" around the world.

US President Joe Biden urged Russian President Vladimir Putin during their Geneva summit June 16 that energy facilities and other critical infrastructure should be off limits to ransomware attacks, while Putin denied any Russian government involvement in the recent Colonial Pipeline shutdown.

Investors' expectations that the Federal Reserve will hike interest rates by the summer of 2022 are rapidly growing as inflation continues to run hot. The consumer price index, the market's preferred inflation metric, has recorded an average increase of 5.4% year-over-year each month since June, driven by a supply chain crunch and rising energy prices.

However, since then, prices have remained below the $300/mt mark, with the Feb. 4 value of the Russian wheat 12.5% FOB Black Sea assessed at $285/mt, as Russian exports flooded the market after sellers looked to ship as much as they can before the export tax is imposed on Feb. 15.

The collapse of the German digital payments company Wirecard seemingly illustrates Warren Buffett’s famous aphorism: “You never know who's swimming naked until the tide goes out.”
Wirecard, long the darling of the German fintech market, filed for insolvency this week due to what it described as “excessive indebtedness.” Reports indicate that the approximately €1.9 billion ($2.1 billion) the company claimed to have on their books has either gone missing or never existed. Longtime Wirecard auditor EY indicated in a statement that there were “clear indications that this was an elaborate and sophisticated fraud, involving multiple parties around the world in different institutions, with a deliberate aim of deception.” Reports dating back years, in the Financial Times and other new outlets, have suggested that Wirecard’s challenges may be unique to a company that has struggled with balance-sheet irregularities for more than a decade.

In its latest oil market report last month, the IEA said it sees a major oil demand rebound of some 5.4 million b/d in 2021, and forecast that likely supply growth by the OPEC+ group and others would be "nowhere close" to the expected demand increase.

In 2018, Japan’s Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF) selected two of our carbon-efficient indices for its ESG investment portfolio—the S&P/JPX Carbon Efficient Index for Japanese equities, and the S&P Global Ex-Japan LargeMidCap Carbon Efficient Index for non-Japanese equities. As of the March 2019 rebalance, the S&P/JPX Carbon Efficient Index recorded a 21% decrease in GHG emissions intensity over the one-year period, while the S&P Global Ex-Japan LargeMidCap Carbon Efficient Index reduced its carbon exposure by approximately 34% over the same period, compared with its benchmark.

Warsaw — Poland's largest refiner, PKN Orlen, said Tuesday it is increasing its monthly purchases of Saudi crude oil for its refineries in Poland, Lithuania and the Czech Republic by 100,000 mt to 400,000 mt.

Supranational institutions, including the European Investment Bank, or EIB, and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, or EBRD, have announced plans to align their financing activities to the climate goals set out in the Paris Agreement on climate change and reflect the new EU taxonomy on climate-friendly investments in their project finance selection criteria.

Because President-elect Biden won the U.S. presidency and the democrats have control of the U.S House of Representatives and Senate, we expect Congress will more likely implement a higher corporate tax rate. While details of such a plan are limited, a key element of the proposal would likely call for an increase in the corporate tax rate to 28% from 21%.

Russian President Vladimir Putin said Oct. 20 that Russia is not interested in seeing an increase in gas prices in Europe, which could have consequences for Russian gas producer and exporter Gazprom, the Prime News agency reported.

Stakeholder capitalism — the idea that companies are responsible for their role in society in addition to making money for shareholders — has taken on new meaning thanks to COVID-19. It was the buzzword among major players in the ESG world like BlackRock Inc.CEO Larry Fink at Davos.

It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Exposure to an asset class represented by an index may be available through investable instruments based on that index.

Seven years and one pandemic later, Brazil's central bank Banco Central do Brasil is stepping up its environmental, social and governance, or ESG, regulatory framework. To do so, it is putting together a list of ESG risks that banks will have to incorporate into their credit models.

However, Black Mountain is making a move toward investing in the transition away from fossil fuels. Black Mountain Metals LLC seeks investment opportunities in assets that produce materials essential to batteries and other energy technology.

As the world starts to look to the future, embedding and adopting ESG into banks strategies has never been more important. With the continued drive towards a low-carbon economy, plus the pressure from regulators and policymakers, the most competitive banks are already moving to take advantage of the situation.

According to S&P Global Platts assessments, FOB prices of Australia's APW wheat rose 12% on month to $324.5/mt. Similarly, FOB prices of 12.5% Russian wheat rose 9% to $303.5/mt and 11.5% Ukrainian wheat quotes rose 8.4% to $291.5/mt.

Moscow — Russia still supports talks with other leading oil producers on stabilizing the market, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Sunday.

Currie said that there is likely to be a mix of forced shut-ins due to low oil prices and coordinated production cuts. The US is set to let the market determine production curtailments due to the fact US companies cannot collude with foreign entities without falling foul of antitrust rules.

Key Takeaways
We revised our risk assessment for the upstream oil and gas producers to moderately high from intermediate in January, flagging the industry's changing investment landscape. We expect to see sustained pressure on oil and gas producers' core cash engines from many stakeholders, including shareholders and courts.

** Market will also focus on China's issuance of a second batch of crude import quotas to refineries, which is expected by end June. Participants suggested the possibility of a reduction in crude quotas for independent refineries, which could weigh on crude import demand in the months ahead.

Russia's Sakhalin Energy said Aug. 18 it had resumed production of LNG from its Sakhalin-2 LNG project in Russia's Far East following a full maintenance shutdown that began in mid-July.

The S&P 500 ESG Index was launched January 28, 2019. The S&P Europe 350 ESG Index, S&P/ASX 200 ESG Index, S&P Japan 500 ESG Index, S&P Global 1200 ESG Index, S&P United States LargeMidCap ESG Index, S&P Canada LargeMidCap ESG Index, S&P North America LargeMidCap ESG Index, S&P Europe Developed LargeMidCap ESG Index, S&P Mid-East and Africa Developed LargeMidCap ESG Index, S&P Asia Pacific Developed Large Mid ESG Index, S&P Developed LargeMidCap ESG Index, S&P Europe Emerging LargeMidCap ESG Index, S&P Latin America Emerging LargeMidCap ESG Index, S&P Mid-East and Africa Emerging LargeMidCap ESG Index, S&P Asia Pacific Emerging LargeMidCap ESG Index, S&P Emerging LargeMidCap ESG Index, S&P Global LargeMidCap ESG Index, S&P Asia Pacific Developed ex Korea ESG Index, S&P Asia Pacific Emerging Plus LargeMidCap ESG Index, S&P Developed BMI ex Korea LargeMidCap ESG Index, S&P Emerging Plus LargeMidCap ESG Index, and S&P Korea LargeMidCap ESG Index were launched May 6, 2019.

What's next? While major fossil fuel producers have been under pressure to reduce emissions, it is important to note that so long as there are buyers of fossil-fuel producing assets from companies looking to get them off their books, the divestment strategy has decided limitations in reducing overall emissions.

The sustainability-linked KPI is targeting a 40% reduction in the firm's Scope 1 CO2 emissions by December 2022, taking 2019 as the base year (note, Scope 1 CO2 emissions refer to the fuel consumption of thermal power plants, as per the Greenhouse Gas Protocol as well as emissions from electricity self-consumption by PPC thermal power plants). From 2023, the interest rate payable on the notes will step up by 50 basis points unless the target has been met.

Singapore — China's independent refineries' crude imports from the Middle East jumped 59% on the month in March, with Saudi Arabian shipments climbing to the top second place, a monthly survey by S&P Global Platts showed Friday.

Months after the November U.S. presidential election and just two weeks away from his transition out of power, U.S. President Donald Trump is pressuring members of his party to overturn the result of the race that was won by Joe Biden, while the country remains paralyzed by the pandemic with a slow vaccine rollout. Across the world, one in every 50 Britons, or 1 million people across the U.K., are currently infected with the coronavirus, according to Prime Minister Boris Johnson.

This is not to imply that banks and insurers are anything other than serious about their green and sustainability objectives (and we note that all investors in green and sustainability-linked bonds are ultimately exposed to the overall business risk of the issuers), but such hybrids may not match the investment mandate of some green and sustainability investment portfolios. Given the challenges regarding specific hybrid terms, we expect that banks and insurers may be better able to tap this asset class based on the green or sustainability credentials of their broader business models than on the necessarily imperfect ring-fencing of individual hybrids.

**Russia's Khabarovsk refinery plans to build a second phase to the plant close to the existing site, according to reports. The second phase would double the refinery's capacity to 10 million mt/year, and aims to cover gasoline demand in the far east of Russia.

The U.S. government has taken the unusual step of demanding China to close its consulate in Houston by today – Friday, July 24. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo insisted that the move was necessary, accusing the Chinese Communist Party of stealing American and European intellectual property and costing the U.S. hundreds of thousands of jobs.

Natural disasters as the result of climate change are increasing in both intensity and frequency, resulting in significant financial losses for companies. A record number of hurricanes, wildfires, and floods exacerbated by climate change cost the world $210 billion U.S. in damages in 20201.

"We are seeing that the recovery from COVID-19 is far from smooth and assured," said Neil Atkinson, an independent analyst who until recently was the International Energy Agency's head of oil markets. "OPEC+ are absolutely right to tread carefully.

In this edition, we take a closer look at environmental concerns weighing on tariff talks and cryptocurrency investments. As U.S. and EU officials work to resolve differences on steel and aluminum duties, the Biden administration is facing pressure to keep measures in place to stem global excess capacity and resolve alleged market inequities.

Major cities in the U.S. have experienced fewer pandemic-related rating actions than U.S. states. Most city rating actions in the past year resulted when a precipitous decline in taxes generated by discretionary spending (sales, hotel, and gaming) led to fiscal stress or budgetary imbalances, or declining debt service coverage.

The budget for the Iranian year starting March 20, 2020, is 4,840 trillion rials, which is $115 billion based on the central bank's conversion rate and about $38 billion in the free market. The budget assumes oil prices of about $50/b, according to local media reports.

** Russia's Afipsky is planning to complete the construction of a hydrocracker in 2023. As a result it will be able to produce Euro 5 diesel.

At the same time, we kept ratings for Russian oil and gas companies unchanged at this stage. Although ESG pressure is increasing in Russia, Russian oil and gas companies, at least today, are under less ESG pressure compared to what the majors are experiencing.

London — The OPEC+ alliance's conservativeness in maintaining tight control over oil supply has been "proven right," Saudi energy minister Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman said April 1, urging his counterparts to stay disciplined in their mission to bring the market back to its pre-pandemic health.

Data on Russian exports in 2020 will be lower as a result because deliveries to Turkey via TurkStream are not included, while supplies to Turkey via the Trans-Balkan line were in 2019.

Climate change has created a need to evaluate the impact of different climate-related scenarios on counterparties, investments, and portfolios. To support these efforts, S&P Global Market Intelligence and Oliver Wyman present Climate Credit Analytics, a climate scenario analysis and credit analytics model suite.

Andrew Logan, senior director for oil and gas at nonprofit investor network Ceres, said he has fielded inquiries from several investors about what Project Canary calls responsibly sourced gas, or RSG. However, it also competes directly with renewable natural gas, which is refined from methane waste sources such as farms and landfills instead of fossil fuels.

The 11 funds that underperformed compared to the S&P 500 saw a price increase ranging from 2.6% for the Brown Advisory Sustainable Growth Fund managed by Brown Advisory LLC to 10.6% for the SPDR S&P 500 Fossil Fuel Reserves Free ETF managed by a unit of State Street Global Advisors Inc. The SPDR S&P 500 Fossil Fuel Reserves Free ETF performed the same as the S&P 500 during the first year of the pandemic and appears to thus far be tracking closely heading into mid-2021.

Before the COVID-19 crisis, telehealth was used episodically “as a quick fix to get a bridge to a particular issue. But the COVID pandemic has really redefined this.

Electric Utility Inc. (EUI) is a multistate operation based in the U.S. The company also operates regulated networks in multiple states and currently relies on over 10,000 megawatts (MW) of aging coal-fired assets, as well as about 2,500 MW of natural gas-fired generation to supply its customers with electricity.

For many refiners in Northwest Europe and the Mediterranean, sour crude grades from Russian and Middle Eastern producers make up a large percentage of baseload buying, but these grades in recent months have been in shorter supply and are more expensive than the more plentiful sweet crude market.

It is worth mentioning that in the vast majority of S&P DJI’s ESG benchmarks, including the S&P ESG Index Series, corporate controversies are monitored on an ongoing basis through a Media & Stakeholder Analysis (MSA). [3] When controversies occur between index rebalances, they are factored into the decision of whether or not a company’s ESG score should be reduced.

The battle between balancing renewable energy and legacy coal plants is most visible in markets like the United States. Overall, U.S. coal-fired power generation capacity has been steadily declining in recent years as utilities and plant owners retire coal-fired units in an effort to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and face economic competition from gas and renewable energy resources.

To facilitate long term, sustainable growth, it is imperative to analyze the environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance of companies and examine how activity in the markets influences the world in which we live.

As light cycle oil is used as a gasoil alternative in China -- most commonly used in the mining, construction, fishing, industry and agricultural sectors -- the upcoming tax could result in domestic demand shifting back to the gasoil pool, with several observers noting that Chinese refineries will likely cut gasoil exports to ensure sufficient domestic supplies.

Meanwhile, demand for spring wheat is forecast to be strong in 2020-21, US Wheat Associates said. "Demand for the 2020-21 spring wheat crop was quite strong and ending stocks of 1.31 million mt are half of what they were in 2019-20."

Apart from the European oil, Australia's low carbon oil and gas cargoes are rapidly gaining popularity among Asian end-users looking to enhance and incorporate their ESG considerations, with Thailand and Japan actively picking up Ichthys condensate and LNG spot cargoes.

German foreign minister Heiko Maas on May 19 said the US would not impose sanctions against the developer of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline from Russia to Germany, which he described as a "constructive" step in relations between Washington and Berlin.

After experiencing its shortest bear market in history, on Aug. 18 the S&P 500 benchmark index closed up 0.11% from its previous peak six months ago—rallying more than 50% to erase the pandemic-prompted losses and marking a new historic high. Under the current conditions, the latest market record comes as a surprise when juxtaposed with the widespread loss of life and unemployment spurred by the pandemic.

Given the battery sector is still experimenting with a complex technology, we believe firms face serious product liability risks. Ford, Hyundai Motor Co., General Motors, and BMW have recalled vehicles due to battery-related risks, including fire incidents.

The head of Austria's OMV said July 28 he expected to see the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline commissioned "in the second half" of this year, reiterating his long-held view that the project would bring necessary import route diversification.

Singapore — 0352 GMT: Crude oil futures were buoyed as Saudi Arabia's voluntary 1 million b/d production cuts, announced in January, took effect, even as concerns of flailing energy demand amid the coronavirus pandemic persisted.

Fred Cannon, former director of research and head of equity strategy at Stifel Financial Corp. unit Keefe Bruyette & Woods Inc., offered his advice on the latest Street Talk podcast on how banks can best communicate with investors. Cannon recently decided to retire after a career on the Street.

The US State Department's readout of the call said that Pompeo "stressed that as a leader of the G20 and an important energy leader, Saudi Arabia has a real opportunity to rise to the occasion and reassure global energy and financial markets when the world faces serious economic uncertainty."

Tightening supply of allowances and very high natural gas prices have combined to drive carbon prices higher this year. But technical factors also came to the fore last week.

Highlights
Russia continues ramping up output dissimilar to world's trend
Three of top-10 global producers have operations in Russia
Polymetallic miners go heavy on gold
London — Russia -- the second-largest gold producer in 2020, yielding only to China -- stands a chance to become the world's largest producer of yellow metal in this decade, as it keeps expanding mining operations while China ramps them down, according to consultancy and analytics firm Institute of Geotechnologies. Receive daily email alerts, subscriber notes & personalize your experience.

If the 400,000 b/d monthly output increases go forward, the remaining collective OPEC+ cuts will be erased by September 2022, but ministers have said they will monitor market conditions and adjust supply as needed to prevent balances from getting too far off kilter, whether due to overproduction or resurgent COVID-19 cases. The pending resumption of US-Iran nuclear deal negotiations will also bear watching, if sanctions are eventually relieved on Iranian oil sales.

"Generally in the global pool, heavier crude is in shorter supply due to a smaller Urals loading program in Europe and long standing constraints in terms of Venezuelan and Iranian oil that is off the market," a Singapore-based crude trader said.

2017 fiscal rule makes state, oil companies' budget earnings less volatile

As companies and financial institutions come under pressure to assess and disclose their climate risks, many are turning to climate service providers and other consulting firms that have created tools to help entities assess their risk profile for assets and supply chains. The vast majority of climate change models are open-source, meaning anyone can use them.

Suncor last month halted plans to add processing capacity for oil sands-derived bitumen at its 137,000 b/d refinery in Montreal. The company said it will instead look at other ways to process more of its oil sands output, which could include streamlining efforts at its 142,000 b/d refinery in Edmonton.

The new duty is likely to put further put upside pressure on Turkish import prices, by potentially limiting scrap import sources for Turkish mills, although a Russian mill source said it would "still be attractive to export scrap given the [low] domestic price".

Highlights
Production set to rise by combined 600,000 b/d in May
Ministers will convene again June 1 to review decision
Surging coronavirus rates in hotspots do not deter output rise
London — OPEC and its allies have the green light to ease back on their production cuts, after ministers April 27 endorsed previously agreed plans to boost crude oil output from May. Receive daily email alerts, subscriber notes & personalize your experience.

The equity basket of the S&P ESG Global Macro Index consists of the S&P 500 ESG Index, S&P Europe 350 ESG Index, and S&P Japan 500 ESG Index. Theses indices are composed of companies with the top 75% S&P DJI ESG Scores within each industry group, while excluding companies involved with tobacco or controversial weapons, or with low United Nations Global Compact scores.

Linde PLC, Air Liquide SA and Air Products & Chemicals Inc., which derive between about 10% and 25% of their total revenue from producing gray hydrogen, made with fossil fuels, are set to be key players as momentum builds globally around the production of low-carbon hydrogen. That includes green hydrogen, made with renewable electricity, and blue hydrogen, produced with natural gas and carbon capture technology.

The Biden Administration aims to build 30 gigawatts of offshore wind capacity by 2030, and the pipeline for U.S. offshore wind generation has quickly expanded to 29 gigawatts as of August, according to S&P Global Ratings. As potential capacity market changes in transmission markets and tremendous investor interest create more opportunities for offshore wind development in the U.S., governmental agencies are reviewing new offshore projects in California, New Jersey, Rhode Island, and Virginia.

Moscow — The OPEC+ group may prolong its current strategy to manage oil markets until the end of 2022 in order to keep speculators "on their toes", Saudi energy minister Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman and Russian deputy prime minister Alexander Novak said in a joint press conference Dec. 19.

We are totally convinced that despite the crisis the pressure for climate will come back again in a few months. Is there anybody out there who believes that any supervisor will not take into account this risk after the pandemic?

This top chemical company leveraged the latest available technologies to create an internal data management and reporting system that leveraged visualization capabilities to provide deep insights about the business. To capitalize on these advanced capabilities, the head of sustainability wanted to have his team’s environmental assessments for net zero available on the upgraded system.

March crude imports into China's independent refineries rose to 2.88 million b/d from the 2.18 million b/d in February, including cargoes of both Saudi Arabian and Russian crude.

Saudi Aramco and other Middle East producers are understood to set their OSPs in line with the monthly change in the Dubai cash/futures spread. This key market indicator for spot market sentiment for Middle East crude fell more than $3/b month on month to average minus $3.11/b in March, Platts data showed.

I define core ESG indexing as the use of indices designed to apply environmental, social, and governance (ESG) screening and ESG scores to recognized and sometimes iconic indices like the S&P 500®, S&P/ASX 200, or S&P/TSX Composite. These headline indices become actionable components of asset allocation when a fund or separately managed accounts (SMA) provider tracks the index.

London — At least three car plants in Russia plant to suspend operations to prevent the spread of the coronavirus while they also struggle with a lack of components.

Revenues in the investment banking division business, including deal advisory, debt and equity issuance and origination, rose 23% year over year to $49.4 billion in 2020. The strong performance of the debt and equity capital market segments offset a slowdown in M&A where activity dropped due to lower industrywide volumes.

The US and Russian governments committed July 15 to working together on shared climate goals, Arctic issues, and climate finance during US climate envoy John Kerry's diplomatic visit to Moscow.

New York — Environmental, social and governance compliance is essential for the mining sector to improve its standing with shareholders, Dennis Thomas, non-executive director and VP of investor relations at Phoenix Copper, told S&P Global Platts in an interview.

** International crude oil benchmarks were little-changed in the week to Aug.13. with October ICE Brent futures edging down 0.16% on the week to settle at $70.59/b and September NYMEX light sweet crude edging up 0.23% over the same period to $68.44/b.

At the height of an oil price war between Saudi Arabia and Russia in March 2020 when the two countries' disagreement over extension of output cuts threatened to tear apart the OPEC+ coalition, both ADNOC and Saudi Aramco turned on the taps and slashed oil prices in April 2020, prompting Russia to come back to the negotiating table and sign up to the current agreement.

Japanese participation in the Kamchatka LNG reloading terminal comes as the country more broadly considers participating in LNG reloading and storage terminals, including the one planned on the Kamchatka Peninsula, as part of its efforts to diversify supply sources and expand the Asian LNG market, a Japanese government official told S&P Global Platts Sept. 30, 2020.

London — Saudi Arabia and Gulf allies the UAE and Kuwait are facing pressure from OPEC+ counterparts to reverse their production surges this month and right the coronavirus-impaired oil market, with prices continuing to wilt before the alliance's much touted output cut agreement goes into effect in May.

"The [Parliament] insists, therefore, that in such circumstances imports of oil and gas from Russia to the EU be immediately stopped, while Russia should be excluded from the SWIFT payment system, and all assets in the EU of oligarchs close to the Russian authorities and their families in the EU need to be frozen and their visas cancelled," it said.

OPEC+ ministers, who have said they will seek to accommodate Iran's return to the market in the event of a nuclear accord, have left production quotas for August and beyond unsettled, with plans to convene July 1 to discuss the matter. Iran is exempt from quotas under the OPEC+ agreement.

The most relevant risk for the media sector is social due to issuers' exposure to and increasing reliance on customer engagement, data security, and cultural social movements. Common risks, which are more pronounced and systemic, include client privacy, data security, content regulation, social media activism, and key man risk.

In mid December the Lithuanian port of Klaipeda said that Belarusian Oil Company was temporarily suspending oil products exports via the port. Belarus has also used Klaipeda to receive deliveries of crude from alternative suppliers, including Norway, Saudi Arabia and the USA in 2020, when Russia cut deliveries to Belarus over a dispute on supply terms.

Payment providers in the U.S. including PayPal, Venmo, Square, Visa, and Mastercard let their users conduct transactions with cryptocurrencies and have signaled that they want to expand such capabilities. In particular, PayPal, Visa, and Mastercard are eager to assert themselves as key players in the move toward crypto- and digital currencies, said Jordan McKee, research director at 451 Research, a division of S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Source: Adirana Fuchter/Moments via Getty Images
If clients won't go to the branches, then the branches must go to the clients. In 2010, Banco Bradesco SA embarked on an innovative financial inclusion endeavor.

“A heightened public focus on reducing carbon emissions could prompt state legislators and regulators to accelerate the pace of the power sector’s transition to renewable energy sources. If we were to assume that declining coal-fired generation is replaced by a mix of 20% natural gas and 80% renewable generation (instead of the 60% natural gas/40% renewable mix assumed in our base case), the result would be a net reduction in CO2 emissions of 650 million tons, instead of 532 million tons, representing a 35% reduction from 2018 emissions by 2030,” Moody’s said.

"They just responded with, 'Oh, look at this document from Nornickel,' or, 'Look at this statement from Nornickel.' But they didn't provide anything else," Sulyandziga said.

Still, Europe’s 20 largest banks’ provisions don’t compare to those of the eight largest U.S. banks, which reserved $41.5 billion for loan losses in the second quarter, according to the Bloomberg analysis. U.S. banks have more capital and liquidity than their European counterparts in both business-as-usual and crisis scenarios, but are currently conducting business in the country hardest-hit by the pandemic.

The country plans to produce 4.9 million mt diesel this year, a record amount, up from 4.678 million mt in 2020, due to the completed refinery modernization. Over the first eight months of the year Kazakhstan's refineries have produced 3.27 million mt of diesel, up 9% year on year.

The cost of duty is 3% of the LME cash price of aluminum. Cash prices for aluminum have risen as demand for the metal has soared as markets continue to recover from the COVID-19 slump of 2020.

New York — A Russian pipelaying vessel expected to complete the controversial Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline from Russia to Germany is now outside the Russian port of Kaliningrad, S&P Global Platts trade flow software cFlow showed Monday.

California introduced new statewide restrictions requiring bars to close and restaurants to end indoor dining, alongside barring gyms, places of worship, offices, and additional spaces from conducting indoor operations in 30 counties. Surging coronavirus cases led to the reversal of re-opening plans and activity for 80% of the state’s population.

Investor concerns regarding ESG issues have already emerged. In May 2020, Norway's sovereign wealth fund removed Canada's largest oil and gas producers, CNRL, Cenovus, Imperial Oil, and Suncor, from its US$1 trillion investment portfolio, citing concerns over the oil companies' GHG emissions.

John Herbst, director of the Atlantic Council's Eurasia Center and a former US ambassador to Ukraine, said the sanctions could significantly delay the Nord Stream 2 project "at least for a good bit of time." And Daniel Fried, a distinguished fellow with the Atlantic Council and former US ambassador to Poland, said Trump may issue a sanctions waiver, allowing European companies to continue work on the pipeline without penalty.

In Canada -- the largest grower of spring wheat -- extreme heat and drought conditions are having a devastating effect on wheat crops grown in the Prairies region, while the neighboring regions in the US are facing similar dry conditions, with major spring wheat producing states in the west the worst hit.

Eastern European countries just downstream of the Ukrainian border, Hungary and Austria in particular, have boosted their natural gas stocks considerably -- to as high as 97% of capacity -- to hedge themselves against any disruption to Russian gas supply.

The S&P Global Carbon Efficient Index Series is designed to measure financial markets worldwide and offers market participants the opportunity to reduce their exposure to carbon risk. The methodology is also sector neutral, amounting to a carbon reduction of 20%-60% relative to the underlying benchmarks, with low tracking errors and comparable returns, thereby demonstrating that there need not be an inherent trade-off between investment performance and decarbonization.

Russia, the world's largest wheat exporter, confirmed in December it was imposing a wheat export tax and a grain export quota that will limit shipments to 17.5 million mt, as the country looked to tackle domestic food inflation.

As part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, Republicans legalized the selling of drilling leases in the refuge, which is one of America’s most sprawling and biodiverse landscapes, believing that it would bring in at least $1 billion over at least two sales by 2024. However, the first auction, on Jan. 6, of roughly 1 million acres brought in just $14.4 million in bids through a single buyer: the Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority, a development corporation owned by the state of Alaska.

But despite heavy lobbying by Saudi Arabia, the 23-country coalition of OPEC and non-OPEC producers has yet to agree on any plans to rein in crude oil production further. Russia, the key non-OPEC partner in the deal, appears relatively nonplussed by the market plunge, given its higher fiscal tolerance for lower prices.

The power outage has affected shipments via the Atyrau-Samara pipeline. A spokesman for Transneft said that repair work is likely to take no more than 3 days, and Transneft does not plan to redirect flows via an alternative loading point.

New York — Diversified natural resources major Glencore has entered a global agreement with satellite technology company Tre-Altamira to expand monitoring to over 110 of its tailings dams worldwide, marking the largest industry monitoring agreement to date, specifically focused on Tailings Storage Monitoring.

As Indonesia's nonbank financial institutions, publicly listed companies and smaller commercial banks prepare to file their first mandatory sustainability reports next year, the industry is urging the regulator to provide more guidance and incentives. The nation's largest commercial banks with a core capital of at least 5 trillion rupiah and foreign lenders have submitted their first environmental, social and governance reports to the Otoritas Jasa Keuangan, or Financial Services Authority, for 2019 in the first phase of the new policy.

Russian energy minister Alexander Novak previously said that producers were aiming to comply with the agreement in November, but he was considering asking the producer group to exclude new condensate volumes from its quota. He said that condensate output will rise as new gas fields come on stream, but as it is not sent to export, it should be excluded from the agreement.

It is increasingly evident that all generations wish to educate themselves on how to make ESG investment decisions and how to best align their investment objectives with their values. However, an additional objective shared by baby boomers, Gen Xers, and millennials alike is that aligning investments with their values not come at the cost of investment performance.

Annual production is heading toward 45 million mt/year, which would leave significant volumes for export amid domestic consumption of around 35 million mt a year, according to sources. Russia currently exports mostly to nearby Central Asia although Kazakhstan can now cover its domestic demand after a modernization of its three refineries has been completed.

US President Donald Trump last week indicated a deal was near between Saudi Arabia and Russia, the top producers of the OPEC+ alliance, but then declared that US oil companies would not be participating in any output cut, complicating the negotiations.

Today is Monday, June 15, 2020, and here is today’s essential intelligence.

In the absence of a federal mandate, the number of large U.S. consumer businesses requiring shoppers in their stores to wear masks is growing. Starting today, Walmart, the most profitable company in the U.S., will deploy specialized personnel at the entrance of all stores to ensure consumers wear face coverings.

Drillers backed by private equity have supplied bigger players in the market with new assets, but now they are competing with international oil companies and with large U.S. majors and independents, the bankers said. The U.S. majors are shedding assets to rationalize their portfolios, while the internationals, such as Royal Dutch Shell PLC, are unloading assets with higher carbon emissions profiles to meet regulatory and corporate goals in their home countries.

The Nord Stream 2 pipeline, which would bring gas from Russia to Germany, is 98% complete and expected to be completed by the end of August, despite warnings of U.S. sanctions and threats that the new infrastructure poses to Ukraine’s transit, according to S&P Global Platts. In the U.S., environmental and social opposition prompted the formal termination of TC Energy’s Keystone XL pipeline in June.

The EnergyNet report sees in Japan the closest and largest destination for Russian potential hydrogen production, and warns about competition from Australia, which is also developing hydrogen technology.

Everything you ever wanted to know about CLOs, Corporate Credits, Leveraged Finance and what they are. With the aim of providing market participants with further advanced analytical insight into Corporate Credits, CLOs and Leveraged Finance deals, S&P Global Ratings is holding regular podcast episodes every fortnight, based on key features we’re seeing in corporate credits and sectors that CLOs are exposed to.

With costs falling for renewable power, the longevity of the gas sector depends on cost competitiveness and its flexibility to back up intermittent power sources.Changes in gas use will in turn dictate demand for pipeline capacity, with some assets at risk of becoming stranded. Other pipelines stand to benefit from growing liquefied natural gasdemand and forays into hydrogen blending in the gas stream.

Stripping the November figure out from Russia's previously reported oil output data shows that crude production was 10.41 million b/d in the month.

Condensate output was previously an issue of friction between Qatar and its former partners within OPEC before the gas-rich Gulf sheikhdom decided to leave the group. Nigeria has also disputed classification of some of its output as crude rather than condensate.

As the impasse lingered, US President Donald Trump, who had convinced Saudi Arabia and Russia to set aside their oil price war and come to the negotiating table, made a phone call with Saudi King Salman and Russian President Vladimir Putin, according to Dan Scavino Jr., a White House aide.

Some commentators (see Fiedler et al., 2021; Hain et al., 2021; Nissan et al., 2019; Pindyck, 2017) have further cautioned against the rapid (unsupervised) uptake of climate risk analytics, highlighting the potential for unintended misuse in the context of financial decision-making and disclosures. As Fiedler explains, the potential implications of misuse are widespread.

In this next chapter, the S&P Dividend Aristocrats Series expands its scope beyond financial sustainability to include ESG considerations. Five indices have been launched as part of the newly created S&P ESG Dividend Aristocrats Series, offering access to multiple geographical regions including the U.S., global, and Europe (see Exhibit 2).

"On June 4, the pipelaying was completed, and today the overflow was carried out -- the offshore sections of the gas pipeline laid from the side of Russia and Germany are interconnected," Nord Stream 2 AG said.

The first phase of IOG's gas development will see gas produced from the Blythe, Southwark, and Elgood fields, as it looks to develop a major gas hub in the southern North Sea.

It wasn’t only volatility in equity markets that shocked us, however; volatility measures spiked across nearly all asset classes, particularly oil. After Saudi Arabia’s decision to flood the market with cheap oil following a disagreement with Russia on production cuts, the price of oil plummeted, pulling the energy sector down sharply with it.

Will Microsoft purchase TikTok, the China-based video-sharing app? If so, will the U.S. receive a cut of the proceeds?

"At Gazprom's morning meeting on operations, chairman of the management committee Alexei Miller announced that this morning at 08:45 Moscow time [05:45 GMT] construction of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline was fully completed," Gazprom said on its official telegram channel.

The speakers at the event, titled “Essential ESG: Incorporating ESG Scores into Corporate Strategies and Investor Communication,” featured Susan Beverly, senior director of sustainability and shared impact at the multinational healthcare company Abbott; Michael Dickstein, group sustainability director at the beverage firm Coca-Cola HBC; and Manijt Jus, managing director and global head of ESG Research & Data at S&P Global.

ESG factors are becoming increasingly relevant for the banking industry, reflecting heightened scrutiny from multiple stakeholders as well as evolving regulatory and operational environment, with associated risks and opportunities for individual banks. Whereas topics like climate change, treating customers fairly, ensuring proper governance, and transparency rank increasingly higher on many boards' agendas, embedding ESG considerations into business settings or risk frameworks takes time, especially in determining how banks will support the transition to a carbon-neutral economy.

Mytilineos -- which holds a leading position in Greek power and gas trading -- began importing Russian gas in 2017 under short-term contracts.

Record gas prices have sparked panic in Europe and left policymakers scrambling for answers. Solutions—like bailing out power suppliers, protecting vulnerable retail consumers with state subsidies, or pleading with Russia for more gas—just paper over the cracks.

The head of Libya's National Oil Corp. dismissed any need for OPEC+ to deepen the cuts, saying that the bloc has already lost more than 1 million b/d of his country's production due to a port blockade by opposition forces.

Russian coal producer and exporter Suek AG declared force majeure indefinitely following a fire at the Vanino Bulk Terminal on Oct. 11, according to a customer letter seen by S&P Global Platts Oct. 13.

Over the past decade, global debt leverage has been trending upward; most recently exacerbated by the COVID crisis. This series examines the “what-ifs” — involving economic, credit quality, and funding trends — of potential downturn scenarios.

Dubai — Deciding the OPEC+ oil production cuts on a monthly basis during the oil price and COVID-19 crises undermines market stability, Oman's oil minister Mohammed Al-Rumhy has told S&P Global Platts.

Russian iron ore mining and steelmaking company Metalloinvest said April 30 it will build a new electric arc furnace that will use pellets only and hardly any scrap, as well as a new ladle furnace at its Oskol Electrometallurgical Plant (OEMK) in Belgorod oblast, west Russia.

Meanwhile in the European carbon market, more price volatility could be on the cards this week as the European Parliament is set to vote on a proposed Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism. The potentially far-reaching proposal could place a charge on the carbon content of goods imported into the EU, shifting the economics of international trade as well as driving climate action outside of the EU's borders.

“The popular narrative is Asia is leading the recovery and digging the world out of a big hole. This is not quite right.

Canadian oil and gas producers have also made significant progress overall in reducing per-barrel emissions, but total greenhouse gas emissions from conventional oil and gas and oil sands development have increased substantially since 1990, Michelle Dathorne, director of Canadian oil and gas for S&P Global Ratings, said.

The first high-yield bond and leveraged loan to launch after the traditional late-summer break in Europe have both included sustainability language, in a signal that issuance linked to the principles of environmental, social, and governance criteria looks to set to make up an increasingly important part of the market in the latter part of this year. However, sustainable issuance across the high-yield bond and leveraged loan asset classes is still in its nascent stage, and that means many areas in the market are ripe for potential growth, change and development.

The Russian government previously said Facebook Inc. violated its citizens' rights when it blocked content from some media organizations and ordered the social media company to restore access to content from the TASS news agency, business daily RBC and newspaper Vzglyad.

Russia might stay ahead in palladium production but is unlikely to overtake South Africa in platinum or combined PGM, according to Holden. While South African deposits generally have higher platinum content, Russia and Zimbabwe have more palladium.

Social risks such as building quality and labor safety are key ongoing risks for Longfor. These can lead to significant reputation damage, buyer boycott and potential punitive government actions such as fines and additional regulation.

A full day of negotiations, including first a ministerial monitoring committee meeting, followed by the full OPEC+ conference, failed to budge Russia off its position that the coalition should increase crude production by 500,000 b/d in February to reclaim market share lost to the coronavirus pandemic.

S&P Global Ratings strives to provide the financial markets with timely, transparent, and forward-looking credit ratings. Through this unprecedented time, S&P Global Ratings continues to engage with borrowers, investors, and other market participants to better understand the credit effects of the coronavirus-related economic shock.

Biden has said that if he wins the White House he will set the U.S. on the path to achieving net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. As part of his climate objectives, Biden would require public companies to disclose climate risks and the greenhouse gas emissions in their operations and supply chains.

Trucost Climate Change Physical Risk Analytic offers an asset-level approach to the assessment of physical risk at the company and portfolio level. These data provide detailed information to help understand the exposure of company-owned facilities and capital assets to seven climate-related physical impacts (i.e., flood, water stress, heatwave, cold wave, hurricanes, sea level rise, and wildfire) under different climate change scenarios and across different time horizons.

The qualitative assessment of the relative exposure to ESG credit factors for each sector reflects the potential exposure to ESG risks. It does not consider the presence of structural features that could mitigate these risks (e.g.

The U.S. imported 767,288 tonnes of phosphate fertilizer from Russia in 2019 that was altogether valued at $299.4 million, according to the preliminary Commerce Department determination. So far, the potential for trade action has not calmed the nerves of U.S.-based fertilizer companies that believe low-cost supply from other jurisdictions will continue to flood the market.

Singapore — Russia is expected to overtake Indonesia as the biggest exporter of coal by 2040, as the Southeast Asian country's thermal coal production stagnates, the International Energy Agency said Wednesday.

In the first quarter, China's crude imports from Saudi Arabia jumped 14% to 1.77 million b/d.

However, that "doesn't provide a complete picture of the Kuwaiti oil sector's performance in general, nor KOC's performance," parent company Kuwait Petroleum Corp. CEO Hashem Hashem said in a statement, carried by the official KUNA news agency.

“Given the size of the current supply-demand gap, we don't expect a permanent solution to be found soon. Some contributing pressures may gradually subside, but we believe others represent structural shifts.

House noted that while the average internal combustion engine car has 10 kilograms of copper, the average electric vehicle has about 80 kilograms, indicative of potential for demand to soar as electric vehicles catch on more broadly. Thus all companies in the mining ecosystem, be they explorers, producers, drillers, mining services or technology companies are vital for meeting that demand, he said.

Front-month Brent/Dubai Exchange of Futures for Swaps for benchmark Dubai crude futures narrowed further mid-morning Oct. 7 while India kicked off its crude purchases indicating stronger buying appetite ahead of the festive season.

According to Estonian gas grid operator Elering, the flows via the Balticconnector account for around one third of Finland's total imports.

London — The developer of the 55 Bcm/year Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline from Russia to Germany continued to push its case for a derogation from new EU rules on non-EU gas links after Poland was allowed to join the process for ruling on the exemption.

Disclaimer Copyright © 2021 S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC. All rights reserved.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. Special purpose acquisition companies (SPACs)—which allow for hedge funds, private equity firms, and other market participants to raise capital for shell organizations to ultimately target and acquire private companies, which then replace the SPACs’ listings on equity exchanges—are booming.

A Volkswagen spokesperson said the company has no evidence of forced labor in the supply chain of Volkswagen Group China or its subsidiaries, and that no outside organization "has any role or influence in hiring decisions." Late last year, however, the CEO of Volkswagen Group China, Stephan Wöllenstein, told German broadcaster Deutsche Welle that the company could not guarantee workers were not coming to the Xinjiang factory from detention camps.

Market sentiment was bullish for Chinese domestic demand in May and June, said two eastern China traders, who have opted to build up long positions rather than selling back to billet re-rollers. A weaker ruble and rupee means cargoes from Russian and Indian sellers have become the most competitive, a third Chinese trader said.

Lukoil was in talks with Iran to develop the Ab Teymour and Mansouri oil fields, but had to put plans on hold in late 2018 after the US pulled out of the Iranian nuclear deal and reimposed sanctions on the country's oil industry.

The size of the overall ESG debt market nearly doubled to $608.8 billion last year, from $326 billion in 2019, according to Environmental Finance. Green bonds, typically used to fund climate change mitigation projects, at $295.85 billion made up nearly half of the total ESG debt in 2020.

Blockchain mining consumes a lot of energy. Yet distributed ledger technology (DLT), at its core, promises greater transparency and efficiency as well as accessibility to financial products for the unbanked.

Since S&P Dow Jones Indices announced that Tesla would be added to the S&P 500® on Dec. 21, 2020, many investors have contacted us asking when this transformative company will become a member of the S&P 500 ESG Index, the sustainable counterpart to the S&P 500. The answer, in brief, is that Tesla will not automatically join the S&P 500 ESG Index upon its addition to the S&P 500.

But potential supply increases from both within and outside the OPEC+ alliance could dilute the deal's impact and delay the rebalancing of the market.

London — Russia's Gazprom is working to boost the capacity of its landmark gas pipeline to China -- the Power of Siberia -- as it looks to ramp up flows via the line.

London — Construction of the 55 Bcm/year Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline from Russia to Germany is still set to be completed at the end of 2020 or the start of 2021, a senior official at Russian gas giant Gazprom said June 22, despite the threat of expanded US sanctions against the project.

“We have seen more credit-relevant cyber events in the last six months than in the previous six years. Almost all recent attacks involved ransomware demands and highlighted attackers' ability to choose targets without regard for geography or sector,” S&P Global Ratings said in report earlier this month detailing the credit risks that come from cyberattacks.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC. All rights reserved.

Despite the expected normalization in capital markets, investment banking net revenue hit €2.23 billion, down from €2.36 billion in the third quarter of 2020. Mark Fedorcik, investment banking boss, has said the quarter went off on a "pretty muted" start in July, which could go some way to explaining the dip.

Asia dominates the global market for outsourcing semiconductor production, but a global effort to diversify chip manufacturing is underway. China's 14th Five Year Plan specifies establishing "science and technology self-reliance” that will increase the amount of semiconductors made and consumed in China to 70% by 2025, from 30% in 2019.

Disclaimer Copyright © 2019 Asia Index Private Limited. All rights reserved.

Moscow — Russian crude deliveries to Belarusian refineries have been suspended since January 1, a spokesman for Russian pipeline operator Transneft said Friday, after the former Soviet republic failed to agree on terms of crude Russian deliveries for 2020.

“Although the rapid growth of cryptocurrencies has captured global attention, the nascent ecosystem is skewed toward trade and investment rather than payments. We think authorities will play an instrumental role in the further development of the ecosystem through their controls over existing legal and financial systems,” S&P Global Ratings said in a report this week on the digitalization of markets.

Through October 2020, US thermal coal exports to Europe total 2.5 million mt, down 65% year on year, while exports to Asia are down approximately 20% over 10 months at 11.2 million mt.

OPEC has not released a full breakdown of how the cuts will be divvied up, nor the baseline production levels from which the new quotas will be determined. But sources said every member would cut 22% of their output, with Saudi Arabia and Russia both committing to holding their production to 8.5 million b/d for the two months of the deal.

The summit declaration acknowledges the "indispensable contribution of natural gas to the protection of the environment and, in particular, for mitigating and adapting to climate change."

Despite being the second largest economy after Russia in our survey group of 53 EMEA sovereigns, Turkey is once again set to be the largest EM sovereign issuer in the sample (currency equivalent of $78 billion up from $68 billion last year) with long-term gross commercial borrowing in 2019 accounting for an estimated 14% of the sample (see table 2). We forecast Egypt and Russia will borrow equivalent to $63 billion and $52 billion.

To analyze funding cost differentials, we reviewed primary market bond issuance yields (including matured and outstanding) in the GCC since 2012 (until Aug. 11, 2021), across the corporate sector. This included energy sector (among them oil and gas and chemical players) and other corporates, banks and financial institutions, and sovereign issuances.

A $1 trillion infrastructure investment now would lift GDP growth and add $1.4 trillion to the U.S. economy over an eight-year period, create nearly 900,000 jobs by 2030, and boost private-sector productively by 10 basis points on average yearly, according to S&P Global Economics. The bipartisan infrastructure bill includes dozens of energy, critical minerals, and climate provisions, as well as plans to modernize energy grids and transmission capacity to advance the energy transition.

The future of the mining sector depends on how it adapts to society's changing demands, Silver warned attendees of the virtual conference March 1. Addressing investors' concerns about broader environmental, social and governance issues may be a more pressing issue for the industry than the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic, Silver added.

Trucost’s EU Taxonomy Revenue Share Dataset provides an assessment of the proportion of company revenues linked to the business activities outlined in the Taxonomy. The dataset covers 15,000+ listed companies, representing 98% of global market capitalization, and includes history back to 2005 to help assess how the Taxonomy-eligibility of company business activities has evolved over time.

The US is still showing strong demand for imports of Russian crude and fuel oil feedstocks, which analysts expect to continue as long as the economy is recovering and US sanctions keep Venezuelan crude off the market.

Of potential executive orders that the most powerful economy in the world’s new leader could soon implement, “the low-hanging fruit for a Biden presidency would include temporary protected status for all immigrants arriving from COVID-infected countries, shutting down oil and gas leasing on federal lands, redefining poverty levels, and so forth," John Owens, a professor of U.S. government and politics at the University of Westminster, told S&P Global Market Intelligence. “Over the slightly longer term, rejoining the Paris Climate Agreement, appointing a majority to the National Labor Relations Board, forgiving student loans, closing Guantanamo, reworking farm and food policy, lowering the cost of drugs and licensing generic drug manufacturing, [and] providing a public option for financial services,” among other future executive orders.

ESPO, a medium-sweet crude blend shipped from the far eastern Russian port of Kozmino, is a key favorite of North Asian crude refiners. The grade is priced against both Dubai and ICE Brent futures in the spot market, making it easy to compare against Middle East barrels that are also priced against Dubai.

The adverse fiscal effects of the COVID-19 pandemic were less severe than originally feared, as many Minnesota cities, counties, and school districts curtailed their expenses in anticipation of what could have been a pressured revenue environment. We note that school districts benefited from reduced expenditures because of remote schooling in the early stages of the pandemic, and increasing overall state funding.

"The attack on the industry will go on. I do not see the president changing his discourse and allowing the participation of private companies in the sector," Paul Alejandro Sanchez Campos, a Mexico-based energy consultant, told S&P Global Platts, adding that President Lopez Obrador’s attack on energy liberalization won’t escalate much further if his party doesn’t win a majority, but the energy sector will likely remain stagnant for at least three more years.

how its results power ESG solutions across S&P Global, including the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) and the ESG Evaluation by S&P Global Ratings; and

Moscow — Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko said Friday his Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, has proposed a mechanism to compensate Belarus for lost earnings on oil customs duty, Belarusian news agency Belta reported.

We will continue fighting with Gazprom, and we will seek the support of the European Union to open the free transit of Central Asian gas to Europe. Ten years ago, Turkmenistan and Kazakstan was able to sell gas to Europe by transiting through Russia.

German gas-fired power generation fell in July as record high European gas hub prices further eroded margins, while hard coal generation almost exceeded gas-fired generation and lignite topped the German power mix.

Chinese "mega banks" also finance both the domestic coal and foreign coal industries, while new coal power plants, mines and infrastructure are still being built in non-OECD countries such as Turkey, India, Vietnam and Bangladesh, Kuiper said.

While the impacts of ESG are becoming much more visible, the nuances in technology can be harder to discern. Chris Marsh, principal research analyst, joins host Eric Hanselman to explore some upcoming research that looks at ESG aspects in enterprise technology.

Around 100 km of the subsea Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline from Russia to Germany are left to lay, Russia's ambassador to Germany, Sergei Nechayev, said May 8.

“Work has become a thing, not a place. The concept of workplaces is no longer confined to physical offices but extended to online ones where people can conduct work-related tasks and develop their careers.

ConocoPhillips "does not control the products its crude oil is transformed into, nor how those products are made, marketed and used," Shannon Kinney, the company's deputy general counsel wrote in January when petitioning the SEC to exclude Follow Me's proposal. She also warned that including emissions from such products would cause emissions to be double-counted because ConocoPhillips Scope 3 emissions "are someone else's Scope 1 or 2 emissions."

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. While a breakthrough in Brexit negotiations sent the pound soaring this week, the pandemic has pushed many British businesses into a more precarious position to handle the U.K.’s departure from the EU single market and customs union at the end of this year.

In January 2020, S&P Dow Jones Indices (S&P DJI) released a paper for the S&P Eurozone Paris-Aligned Climate Index Concept (PAC Concept). The PAC Concept conceptualizes the proposals of the EU Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance (TEG), as published in its Final Report on Climate Benchmarks and Benchmarks’ ESG Disclosure dated September 2019,[1] for the Paris-aligned benchmark and incorporates transition risk, physical risk, and climate opportunities, as laid out by the TCFD[2] (see Exhibit 1).

Russian officials discussed hydrogen development with Western companies during the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum June 3, as it aims to take a 20% share of the global hydrogen market. Not registered?

The index utilizes market-leading SAM, part of S&P Global, ESG datasets that are built on a foundation of hundreds of ESG data points collected from public sources, as well as direct company dialogue. SAM produces unique ESG surveys for 61 industries, based on salient ESG risks and opportunities.

London — The US has imposed sanctions against Russia-based KVT-RUS -- owner of the pipelaying vessel Fortuna -- because of its role in the construction of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline, US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said Jan. 19.

London — The head of the Gas Exporting Countries Forum, Yuriy Sentyurin, said June 22 that he considered OPEC a "model" for the gas exporter group's activities, hailing the first technical dialog with OPEC as a "new chapter in our collaboration."

Highlights
Gazprom Neft to share best practices in CO2 disposal
Severstal, Evraz emphasize on CO2 reductions in long-term
Russian mining and steel companies Severstal and Evraz said June 3 they have signed an agreement with Gazprom Neft, a subsidiary of Russia's Gazprom, with regards to cooperation in developing technologies to produce, transport, store, and use hydrogen and reduce carbon dioxide, or CO2, emissions. Receive daily email alerts, subscriber notes & personalize your experience.

Gas stocks were low after a long winter and Europe's strong economic recovery; then low wind in the summer reduced generation from that source and increased gas consumption. Also, energy producers have few alternatives to gas before sufficient electricity storage is in place and after they retire coal-fired and nuclear generation in line with Europe's decarbonization strategy; so demand for it remains high.

Internationally, green bond markets reached $258.9 billion in 2019; but less than 2% of those issuances were tied to Latin America, data from Climate Bond Initiative shows. Similarly, a Bank of America survey showed that just 0.5% of equity assets under management from Latin America foreign funds have an ESG focus; that compares to the 3% to 4% average seen in other parts of the world.

While not mentioned by Insure Our Future, the new ESG guidance also said Lloyd's will not order managing agents to stop investing in thermal coal-fired plants, thermal coal mines, oil sands and Arctic energy exploration activity. In December 2020, Lloyd's said it would phase out new investments in those projects and activities by the market and the Corporation of Lloyd's by Jan. 1, 2022.

Accountants at publicly traded U.S. coal companies are bringing company books in line with the declining market for the once-dominant fuel, with four U.S. coal companies reporting about $1.80 billion in asset impairments during the second quarter alone. The companies booking impairments pointed to lower long-term expectations for some coal assets as the sector also deals with the near-term impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic.

This year we have seen ambitious green hydrogen projects launch in Asia, Australia, Europe, the Middle East and North America. Heading into 2021, some of the world's largest energy and technology companies are jockeying for position in a green hydrogen value chain that some see as a multitrillion-dollar opportunity.

Within Europe, companies in the U.K. experienced the highest number of campaigns and rating actions, a continuation of the trend over the past few years. This reflects the still depreciated value of the pound and the sophistication of the U.K. capital markets, along with investors' beliefs that Brexit has created an opportunity snap up underpriced assets.

The quality and scale of lithium reserves in other countries such as Chile surpass much of what the U.S. has to offer, according to Albemarle Chief Technical Officer Glen Merfeld. That means optimizing sustainable extraction technologies, such as direct lithium extraction or ion exchange solvent extraction, remains critical, Merfeld said during a June 14 roundtable hosted by the U.S. Energy Department.

Three years ago, S&P took control of environmental data and risk analysis provider Trucost, now part of its Market Intelligence unit. The company revealed Nov. 21 that it will also acquire RobecoSAM AG's ESG ratings and Corporate Sustainability Assessment business.

We noted earlier that as a side effect of excluding bonds of ESG bad actors, the three high-yield ESG indexes diverge from the All HY in ratings mix and term risk. For the duration-matched ESG tilt and best-in-class indexes, these effects are partially reduced by reweighting the retained issues with an eye toward matching certain characteristics of the parent, all-high-yield index, to the extent feasible.

U.S. banks are feeling pressure from both politicians and competitors to adjust their overdraft fees, which account for a significant portion of revenue at some lenders. "Federal regulators for too long were asleep at the switch allowing an incremental fee to become the main business model for a couple of banks," said Aaron Klein, a senior fellow at Brookings Institution.

London — Saudi energy minister Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman has again staked out a hawkish position on OPEC+ cuts, urging the alliance not to allow euphoria over surging oil prices to erode production discipline amid a still evolving pandemic outlook.

The emissions picture is also worrisome in Europe's power sector, where utilities are sending mixed messages as they tout expiration dates for natural gas while continuing to build new power plants that use the fuel. "Fossil gas is a fuel that will need to be scaled back at considerable speed as we pursue the transition to net-zero," said Frans Timmermans, the European Union's climate czar.

Based on RobecoSAM’s definition, the governance score is referred to as the economic dimension score (EDS), as it evaluates the corporate governance performance of companies but includes additional key measurements that evaluate the quality of a company’s management systems as well as its ability to manage long-term risks and opportunities. In order to understand the G component of ESG and how it affects stock performance, it is helpful to delve deeper into what constitutes good governance.

NextEra Energy, Inc. is a large diversified energy holding company that primarily consists of regulated transmission, distribution, and generation utilities, competitive generation, proprietary trading, and natural gas exploration and production. NextEra’s best-in-class preparedness assessment speaks to its ability to identify disruptive forces its industry faces, such as climate change regulation and an aging workforce, and develop and implement plans to mitigate them and create opportunities.

The services sector faces modest inherent social risks, but the heterogeneity of business models and end-markets can result in considerable variation in social risk factors faced by individual firms at the margins. Companies may be labor-intensive, with employees operating potentially hazardous equipment or on dangerous sites, which heightens safety management risks.

Today, investors who deliberately apply an ESG lens to investing are growing rapidly worldwide as more come to realize the risks of separating such issues from business fundamentals. S&P Global Ratings ESG Evaluation, and its related research, insight, and analysis, is for companies looking to help their investors gain a better understanding of their strategy, purpose and management quality.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. China’s economy swelled 4.9% year-over-year in the third quarter, building on the previous period’s 3.2% growth and marking a return to pre-pandemic activity at a speed that no other G20 country is likely to achieve.

With its output discipline, Saudi Arabia has reaffirmed its status as the world's predominant swing producer, driving OPEC+ decisions. Now, the market awaits the cautious kingdom's call on its 1 million b/d cut -- a bellwether for the pandemic's oil recovery.

Iran has historically held 4 million b/d of crude production capacity, but the US sanctions practically halved its output. In recent months, however, Iranian production has risen, largely on the back of increased exports to China as a direct challenge to the US.

President Biden’s nominees for the telecommunications regulatory board are different from its predecessors in a number of ways. On Oct. 26, the White House nominated acting FCC Chairwoman Jessica Rosenworcel to become permanent chair of the agency.

The fast pace of events in 2020 left commodity markets—and everyone else—scrabbling for information to make sense of unpredictable times. Throughout the year, S&P Global Platts editors, analysts and data visualization experts used infographics to help clarify complex and shifting issues.

In European gas, the market will be taking a keen interest this week in whether Russian gas giant Gazprom looks to buy additional transit capacity via Ukraine.

India’s COVID-19 crisis has impacted the country's energy, metals, and agriculture markets alongside the international price outlook of some commodities, according to S&P Global Platts. S&P Global Platts Analytics lowered its projection for the country’s oil demand growth this year, to 400,000 barrels per day, from 440,000, in light of the climbing cases.

GM’s targets come just one day after Japanese carmaker Nissan announced its plans for all new models in Japan, China, Europe, and the U.S. to be hybrid or fully electric vehicles by 2030. In the same week, U.S. President Joe Biden issued several broad executive orders that center climate change across varying policy areas, and BlackRock’s Larry Fink, the chief executive officer and chairman of the world’s largest asset manager, urged corporate executives to begin planning for a “net-zero” world.

The market is still growing for special purpose acquisition companies, or SPACs, that give operating companies nontraditional opportunities to list on public markets through reverse mergers. But new guidance issues by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission last month is likely to change regulation and investor interest, bringing forth fewer, but stronger IPOs in the U.S.

Singapore — Asian markets are seeking Russian coals, Katerina Bosov, commercial director of Sibanthracite group said in an interview with S&P Global Platts on Wednesday, but limited railing capacity has hampered Russian coal exports to these markets.

The worst performing was Sibur's elastomers segment, showing EBITDA losses of 21.4% year on year. The segment's main consumers were in the automobile tire sector and came under intense pressure during the pandemic.

US Senate Republicans opposed to the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline will not likely gather enough support to reverse the Biden administration's decision to waive some sanctions on the project developer.

In our view, environmental factors have a direct negative influence on 15 out of our 38 corporate and infrastructure industry risk criteria scores (see Table 5). We capture climate transition risks, physical risks, and waste and pollution or biodiversity risks in our credit rating analysis through our forward-looking qualitative assessments of secular change and substitution risks, as well as through profit margin and growth trends.

Private equity investors are paying increasing attention to environmental, social and governance issues and in response, many firms are implementing strategies to ensure portfolio companies are screened against ESG factors. This focus is likely to intensify and could become a requirement for a fund over time, representatives from some of the world's most prominent private equity firms say in the latest episode of ESG Insider, an S&P Global podcast.

Midstream energy: We revised the overall industry risk score to intermediate (3) from low (2) because of increasing environmental risks posed by climate change and GHG emissions as well as the threat these risks pose to the future production and use of hydrocarbons over the long term. Contributing to this change was our reassessment of "secular change and substitution risk" to medium to reflect the increased risk that higher renewable penetration and the gradual pace of the energy transition could pressure the midstream industry over time.

Russian President Vladimir Putin had signaled a shift in the Russian political position regarding Ukraine and gas earlier on Thursday during his annual press conference with comments around the $2.56 billion arbitration debt owed to Naftogaz by Gazprom.

Singapore — 0255 GMT: Crude oil futures ticked lower during mid-morning Asian trade April 28, as data from the American Petroleum Institute showed a build in US crude inventories, and the OPEC+ Joint Ministerial Meeting Committee recommended to uphold the earlier OPEC+ decision to increase production from May onwards.

"There is no greater responsibility than protecting our planet and people from the threat of climate change. The science is clear that we must urgently scale up action and work together to reduce the impacts of global warming for us all.

In a contentious market maneuver, Russian gas giant Gazprom booked Sept. 20 less than half of the natural gas transportation capacity offered on the Yamal pipeline from October, deepening the energy crisis within Europe.

“The Indian economy is on track to recover in fiscal 2022. Consistently good agriculture performance, a flattening of the COVID-19 infection curve, and a pickup in government spending are all supporting the economy,” S&P Global Ratings said in a report this week, explaining that India’s strengthening macroeconomic conditions should limit key sectors’ downside credit risks.

UBS Group AG has seen a sharp increase in its clients in Asia seeking sustainable investments this year as the coronavirus pandemic helped sharpen the focus on environmental, social and governance issues globally. UBS's Global Wealth Management clients in Asia who subscribed to the bank's 100% sustainable investment strategy grew 50% in the six months starting February.

**Market participants expect Saudi Aramco could cut price differentials even further for its crude grades flowing east by $2-$3/b this month based on plunging demand and the sharp drop in underlying reference markers for Middle East crudes in Asia.

And we look at how State Street Global Advisors Inc., one of the world's largest asset managers, is renewing its call for enhanced disclosure around race in 2021. The firm is also focused on the systemic risks associated with climate change — following a year in which the U.S. experienced record-breaking extreme weather and climate change-linked disasters.

Asia is experiencing increased activity and mobility, which serves as a proxy for oil demand. Negative effects spurred by the delta variant in the largest Asian economies may not weigh as heavily as expected, according to S&P Global Platts.

The Trump administration has proposed further rolling back protections for federal wetlands and waterways impacted by coal mining, renewable energy construction, farming and other kinds of commercial activities. The move could leave drier sections of the U.S. with scant restrictions on damaging rivers and streams, according to environmentalists.

Overall, Alvarez & Marsal found oil and gas driller CEO pay declined about 9% to an average of $6.5 million/year in 2021 because of COVID-19 and the March 2020 oil price collapse 57647691. "As the economy and the commodity price environment continue to recover, Alvarez & Marsal expects a gradual upward movement in compensation levels," the study said.

“The jobs market has a long way to go before it has fully healed,” S&P Global Ratings Chief U.S. Economist Beth Ann Bovino said in a report this week.

The Biden administration surprised many last week in granting a sanctions waiver to the company building the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline from Russia to Germany.

On March 25, six Republican senators wrote to Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and called Saudi Arabia a “direct threat” to the US oil and gas sector and suggested that the Saudis should leave OPEC and partner with the US on “strategic energy infrastructure projects” throughout the world.

"While Germany and other customers are pursuing their energy transition, notably by phasing out coal and -- in Germany's case -- nuclear, Gazprom may have concluded that it must simply be able to pump as much gas as possible into markets in Germany and Central Europe if it is to secure a future for a key export commodity," he said.

Hydrogen. Russia's energy strategy aims at 2 million MT of hydrogen production by 2035, for local use and exports.

Indeed, in mid-April, the yield to maturity of the S&P/LSTA Leveraged Loan Index was hovering around 4.3% - just 8 basis points shy of the 2004, 4.25% record low. The high-yield market hit a record low on Feb. 16 of just 3.86%.

Facing mounting credit exposure from struggling small businesses and consumers, surging defaults, and ongoing interest rates at or near zero, European banks may soon face their largest hurdle. Loan losses loom as the pandemic persists.

"Scope 3 emissions are approximately 90% of an upstream oil and gas companies' emissions, and every major investor-led group working on climate change expects such companies to report them, so leaving that out is a glaring omission," Schuwerk said. "You would think that upstream oil and gas companies would be focused almost exclusively on Scope 3 emissions — not just because they are 90% of emissions, but because the use of their products causes the [greenhouse gas] emissions.”

Sberbank of Russia does not intend to set aside additional provisions on 2020 bad loans and expects its 2021 financial result to surpass last year's performance, Reuters reported Feb. 16, citing Sberbank CEO Herman Gref.

S&P Global Ratings Sustainable Finance team is comprised of analysts who specialize in ESG as well as those with a more traditional financial and economic background. We enjoy a global footprint and are growing rapidly with more than 50 members set to be in place by the end of June 2021.

Intercontinental Exchange Inc. / U.S. / Prateek Nanda. ICE faces broadly similar ESG risks and opportunities similar to major global FMIs.

S&P Dow Jones Indices has collaborated with GRESB, a leader in evaluating ESG characteristics of real estate companies, to create the Dow Jones Select ESG Real Estate Securities Indices (RESI). The indices, which utilize data from GRESB, are designed to reflect the investment characteristics of conventional real estate benchmarks but with an improved sustainability profile, thereby providing a sustainable alternative to existing real estate offerings.

Subscribe on LinkedIn to be notified of each new Daily Update—a curated selection of essential intelligence on financial markets and the global economy from S&P Global. Major players across the global oil market are taking different approaches to the accelerating energy transition from fossil fuels.

Other sources pointed to unexpected demand also continuing to surprise the market, with Pakistan -- previously a wheat exporter -- saying Monday it was coming to the market for 300,000 mt of wheat on tight flour supply, and Argentinian export tariffs nearly doubling following a change in the political landscape, as well as higher than expected Chinese and Iranian demand.

Long-term loans to Chinese companies and advances to small businesses grew at the fastest rates in more than two years, indicating Beijing's years-long efforts to redirect liquidity to the real economy have started taking effect. Although the Chinese banks' earnings will likely remain under pressure in 2020, analysts believe the data suggest the default risk of bank loans might be lower than it seemed earlier this year.

In this edition, we take a close look at September share price performance in several sectors. U.S. bank stocks continued to outperform the broader stock market.

We have published a Request For Comment: Environmental, Social, And Governance (ESG) Principles In Credit Ratings. The criteria proposal formalizes and restates in a single article our analytical approach to incorporating the impact of ESG credit factors in our credit analysis.

Sources said Saudi Arabia had sought an even bigger OPEC+ cut of 15 million b/d but could not get Russia to agree.

Duke Energy Corp. on Jan. 25 announced it has agreed to forgo recovery of about $1.1 billion in coal ash management costs as part of a settlement agreement reached in the North Carolina electric rate cases for Duke Energy Carolinas LLC, and Duke Energy Progress LLC. As a result, the utilities are each expected to incur a pretax charge to earnings of about $500 million in the fourth quarter of 2020.

US crude oil inventory draws likely resumed during the week ended April 23 amid an expected uptick in refinery demand, an S&P Global Platts analysis showed April 26. Total commercial crude oil stocks are expected 200,000 barrels lower at around 492.8 million barrels, as refinery utilization climbs to around 85.3% of capacity, the highest since March 2020.

Singapore — China's top policy planner the National Development and Reform Commission, or NDRC, has proposed changes to how natural gas pipeline tariffs will be calculated, especially under newly established China Oil & Gas Piping Network Corp., or PipeChina, in a move aimed at optimizing the allocation of pipeline infrastructure and market based pricing in the country.

In late April, Chinese President Xi Jinping restated his pledge to reverse China’s carbon emissions before 2030 and achieve carbon neutrality by 2060. The Chinese government promised to "strictly control coal-fired power generation projects" and "strictly limit the increase in coal consumption" as part of its Five Year Plan through 2025, after which China said it will phase coal out of its energy mix to make way for renewables.

